Prologue: The Nursery
Once upon a time, in a land
far away, a scientist studied
the fabric of reality

	Deftly the man picked the lock to the Castle of Blood, ever so quietly the pins slipped into place and with a subtle click the back door opened.
	They were in.
	Silently the band entered.  Their task was to steal away something of value so that they could show that they were worthy to enter into the Araborian Thieves’ Guild.
	“Search high and low for that which is of most value” The man commanded the others silently.  Though young, he was a natural leader, thus he guided forth this group into the castle.  “And remember: do not alert the Warmen, or we’re dead.”
	Quickly his group dispersed like vermin and the man was left alone, which is exactly what he had desired.  For this allowed him time to find that which is truly valuable and not share it with the other half-rate thieves.
	He shifted down the hall, like unto a shadow.  If there had been guards where he was, he would have gone unnoticed by them if they were not weary of intruders.  And the man was wise enough to plan this raid to occur during a time when the guards would all be taken with slumber.  They would easily go unnoticed.
	As the man went down the hall he passed by many doors.  There was an exquisite gem in each room, however, the man was searching for something of far more value.  He was not interested in these common trinkets of royalty.  No, he wanted the crown.
	A shout was heard, and the man knew that things would suddenly be a lot more dangerous.  He needed to find a hiding place fast or else he would die a most painful death.
	The screams began as the Warmen commenced the slaughter.  Few could equal a Warman in combat, and those few had received special training which the man and his small party had not received.
	Quickly the man entered into a room and looked for a place to hide.  He saw a small cupboard and dashed inside its thin protective walls as he heard screams and steps nearby.
	 Cries from an infant began to echo from within the room.  Looking through the cracked door, the man realized where he was.  He was in the royal nursery.  Quickly the man left the cupboards and raced to the child, the crown prince who had only been born days before.
	Whoever was walking outside must have heard the wails of the child as well, for his pace suddenly increased.  The man tried to calm the child, and realizing that no matter what would happen these men, whoever they were, would come in.  He decided to take the child and as he did so he raced back to his hiding place inside the cup boards.  He began to gently rock the child and cooed at it in order to appease the child, which seemed to work as the child fell back asleep.
	The door then creaked open and a hooded man cautiously came in followed by a Warman.
	“Where is the babe?”  Asked the hooded man in a silky voice to the Warman, “we heard its pitiless cries for help, yet, where is it?”  The man said, emphasizing the last three words.
	“Sir,” the Warman began to answer, “It would seem that one of the thieves stole the child away before we managed to get here.  If any of the thieves survived, they are probably long gone.  The child now holds no threat to us.”
	“Be that as it may, the child must die.  Or, if not die, it must at least appear to have died in their raid.  Go bring me that small towel over on yonder stool.”  The hooded man commanded and was obeyed as he took off his gloves.
	“Tragically, the prince has died.” The hooded man said as he raised the towel above the cradle, “his body was stolen, yet his blood does remain.”
	As the hooded man said this, the towel he held above the cradle turned to blood, and then the hooded man and the Warman left the room.
	Hours passed by before the man dared to do anything.  The child had fallen asleep, he was numb all over, and he knew that all of his party had probably been killed, if not by the Warmen, then probably by that monster that turned the towel into blood.  He needed to leave quietly.
	Silently he passed through the hall, like unto a shadow, taking the crown prince with him.
	Unnoticed he came, and unnoticed he left.
	Death and destruction had followed his party here, yet nonetheless it could not be denied that the Fates had favored him by allowing him to outlive his party and steal that which is truly of the most value, the crown prince.  He did well.  
Chapter 1: Martin
The scientist did many experiments,
and gained much understanding,
as he drew nearer to the fountain
of all knowledge.

	Jack was waiting for his friend, Martin, outside of the university which Martin attended.  He and Martin had been friends for a long time.
	He checked the time again from the clock tower.  Four after five.  Only two minutes since the last time he had checked.
	The clock tower was an impressive structure made to standardize the time in Arabor.  It stood over three stories tall, making it easily the most imposing structure in the area.  Which thing most people thought was intentional by the makers of it, for it was built by the Puntemasks who were a somewhat secretive group.  Yet they were quite intelligent which made them useful contacts, and to Jack, Martin was that useful contact.
	“’ello there.”  Martin said as he walked out of the university, “what ails thee in thine hour of need?”
	Martin always seemed to know why Jack had come to him, and enjoyed being dramatic about it, a characteristic of the Puntemasks.  Other characteristics would include their coat, almost all wore a brown frock coat, yet Martin wore a blue one.  As for the reason why that was so, Jack could not tell.  They also all had a pocket watch, which they themselves would make as a sort of initiation.  They were tinkerers, yet proper gentlemen.
	Simply put, to Jack (as well as to most of the society in which they dwelt), they were strange.
	“I need your help with a little something.”  Jack admitted as he began to walk with Martin down the street.  “Let’s just say that I was given a code that needs to be solved, and you know that I don’t do very well with codes.”
	“And what would thine code be and what is it for?”  Martin asked, intrigued.
	“Here it is,” Jack said handing him the code, which code Martin quickly placed within an inner pocket of his coat, “as for what it is for, I myself am not to certain of that. However I do know that it is important to solve this code, and the sooner the better.”
	 They then entered into a market street, thus ending their solitary walk.  The market was bustling with movement for it was filled with eager merchants advertising their wares, many people browsed their good, while others just tried to make their way home. On the sides of the market were the Warmen in their red frock coat uniforms, ever ready to keep the peace.  The Warmen appeared to be normal humans, yet every one of them had some sort of special ability, a gift, as well as immortality against any part of their body, with exception to their heads. This made them deadly foes to face for a normal human.
	Perhaps though, more imposing than the Warmen guards would be the center structure of the market place, for in it was an impressive statue of King Garsen, the first king of the Crowthanian realm, as well as the first of the blood men.  His name was well known throughout the entire kingdom.
	Jack and Martin began to wind their way through the crowd, and for the sake of Martin, Jack was not planning on robbing anyone.
	Suddenly the crowd began to part as a horse drawn wagon was pulled through.  As the crowd separated, Martin and Jack found themselves on opposite sides of the group.
	“Hullo Jack.” A soft voice whispered from behind him, a voice which Jack recognized to be Barthallamew’s, one of his rivals from another thieves’ guild in Arabor.  “Be careful of what you do, we’re taking what’s after this, so don’t interfere.”
	“What about the Warmen?”  Jack cautiously asked, Barthallamew had, in a sense, just made this a challenge for Jack.
	“Oh them, Jack, we’re not starting a war.  They won’t be involved.  You see, the back cart is going to fall, and I’m going to go and help the poor soul, I am a good person after all, and if an item just disappears, who knows what happened to it, there are a lot of people here after all.  And I don’t think that you will do anything, as you don’t want to start a fight between us and get the Warmen involved with us and our petty squabble.”
	Jack knew a threat when he heard one, and this would fall into that category.  His mind started to race as the wagon drew nigh.  This rival was always up to no good, not that he could say much for himself.  Yet he did control it when Martin was around, for Martin did not support thievery, and if this occurred Martin could easily assume that it was Jack who had started it.
	The wagon began to pass, and Jack saw what was next.  It was a giant contraption, which looked like a metallic body of a giant spider crawling across the cobble stone road, with a Puntemask on top controlling it, and there were several small crates within.  Thoughts of doom swept through his mind, Martin would be terrifying in his anger if he thought that Jack had set this up.
	As the spider contraption passed through the crowd, a pile of crates on the side shifted and fell, being pushed over by a thief. The crates fell on and knocked over the spider contraption, the Puntemask, and several crates that were within, many spelling their contents of mechanical parts, potatoes, books, and even smaller crates and boxes.
	Jacks rival, who up until then had been standing behind him, raced out to the fallen man, and Jack was not far behind him.
	Quickly a small crowd came over to help, amongst which came martin. Many people looked on as a few Warmen prepared to protect the peace for if a battle were to break out amongst them.
	Carefully Jack watched the others, for he was certain that more of them were rather thieves looking for spoil than good willed citizens seeking to help an unfortunate man.
	Martin and Barthallamew both grabbed a box, and from the determination in their eyes, Jack could tell that it was what his rival wanted to have disappear, and Jack could easily tell that Martin did not want it to disappear.
	Before Jack could make a warning of danger, Barthallamew threw a right handed punch, throwing Martin back.  Rapidly a brawl broke out and sides were taken as the Puntermasks came to Martin’s aid, the thieves to that of Barthallamew’s, and the Warmen came in to put an end to the squabble that now lay before them.
	The Puntemasks surrounded Martin and protected him and the equipment of the fallen Puntemask.  Barthallamew slipped away with the item of his intent as his allies created havoc, allowing him to escape with less fanfare.  Jack tried to follow him, yet he was cut off by the opposing thieves’ guild as they bought their ally time to escape.
	As for the Warmen, three came forth.  An archer, a swordsman, and an axman.
	The archer shot off three arrows, each one striking with perfect aim weapons out of the brawler’s hands.  As the archer did said attack, the swordsman struck his sword into the ground, creating a temporary barrier between the two opposing parties.  And then the axman began to bang his two axes into the ground, which knocked everyone down as the ground vibrated fiercely as if an earthquake had just occurred.
	Martin quickly rose from where he fell after the axe man stopped his banging, and began to help the fallen Puntemask set up his contraption once more. He seemed to take special notice for that which was missing.  As he did this, the thieves, finding that the fight was over, began to flee like birds from cats as the Warmen came to arrest them for the disturbances that they had caused.
	Looking for Martin, Jack noticed him on the other side of the barrier, and Martin noticed him at about the same time.  Quickly the two began to make signals to each other, letting each other know to meet one another at the Puntemask Library.
	Quickly thereafter Jack left as the Warmen sent all those who opposed the peace down, none could stop them and Jack did not want to find himself on the wrong side of their anger.  Such would be a call of suicide in that heavily uneven battle.
	Once again, peace was restored and it appeared that all was well.  Few, if any, gave it a second thought, except for the key players who knew that something of value was stolen, something that was worth risking a fight in public for.
 
Chapter 2: The Plan of Prosperity
After many years he had nothing to
show for his work. However, he did
not desire to fail.  Thus, desperately,
he decided to do one last experiment.

	After the battle, things returned relatively to normal.  The merchants sold their wares once more, the fallen Puntemask went on his way, and a few thieves were captured for proper punishment of the crime which they had done.
	Everything had settled down to a normal state.  Yet, as was desired by the king, a report was brought to him, informing him of the disruptions and unrest that existed within the heart of the kingdom.
	“It would seem that more and more of these squabbles are, for lack of a better word, springing up.”  The king commented to Major General Xerxes, who was reporting about the skirmish that had sprung up in the market place (the same who had shot thee arrows at once and hit each and every one of his targets) as well as various important matters that the king had requested to know about.  These matters were the main cause for the Major General and his group to leave the station where they were normally situated.
	“Yes, your highness.  It does seem that there are more rebellions occurring everywhere within the kingdom.”  The Major General answered.
	“So many outbursts are occurring.”  The king, King Garsen the Seventh, commented as he looked upon a map of his country, Crowthania, hanging upon the wall.  “So many people needlessly dying.”
	Crowthania was a powerful country, and as the map showed, it was quite large.  On the east Crowthania was bordered by Draconia, the Kingdom of the Dead.  Since their existence, the two countries had always been sworn enemies, and it appeared that nothing could change their opinions of one another.  Only now fighting had ceased because the Draconians had built a wall between them both, what they were intending to do now none could tell.
	Because of all the battles that had taken place in the east, few towns still stood amidst the destruction of war, and those few towns that still stood were a shadow of the former glory that they once possessed.  However, because of the wars, there now stood many outposts to protect those that had chosen to stay in the danger of the east with their families and home lands.
	However, whereas the east was desolate and war torn, the west was vibrant and full of life as the peace enjoyed there allowed for a more carefree attitude to take hold.  An attitude that was now causing problems as many rebellions had sprung up, rebellions that now each had a marker upon King Garsen’s map.  It was far more than he would have like to have seen.
	“It is unfortunate your highness that such must be the case.”
	“Unfortunate, yes.  Unexpected, no.”  The king replied to Major General Xerxes.  “Ever since my brother, King Nicamor, his wife, and even their poor child.  Ever since they all died sixteen years ago the tension that is now breaking forth was building up.  So we are going to be having more to deal with as the people release the anguish in the land.”
	“Your majesty, King Nicamor was loved by the people.”  Replied the Major General, he himself had begun his training under the reign of King Nicamor.  “Your highness, something could be done to unite the people in loyalty to you as it was with your brother before his untimely death.”
	“Exactly, and I do have a plan.  My brother had begun forming a plan before his death.  I’ve found that plan and have recently put the finishing touches upon it.  We are going to implement this plan.”
	“Shall this plan solidify your majesties support?”
	“Yes, it certainly shall.  Or at least I hope that it will.”
	“Very well, your majesty, when shall your highness begin this plan?”
	“Immediately.”  The king responded.  “We shall commence the plan, and in twenty days, at the beginning of next month, we shall announce it and explain this plan to the people.  The Plan of Prosperity.
	“First we will build farms to feed those who are poor and ill, and we will build houses to shelter them.  We will-“
	King Garsen the Seventh was suddenly interrupted as his child, Oliver, rushed into his chamber.  Oliver was about seven years old, short, and had curly brown hair.  The mud on his legs and arms showed that he had just come from terrorizing the garden, one of his favourite pass times before he was supposed to take a bath.  “Papa!  Can you help me take a bath?”  Oliver asked with a grin upon his face.
	“Certainly my child.”  The king gently said.  “Ah, Major General, please excuse me.”
	Thus their counsel came to a halt, and a plan had commenced to strengthen the kingdom.
	The Major General began to leave and return to his post when the king called to him, “oh, one last thing, I have an epistle that needs to be delivered to Dracon.  Please take it to him.”
	“Yes your higness” the Major General said as he bowed and accepted the request, for who was he to refuse a king?  Quickly he bowed again and left the Blood Castle, so named for the ability of the nobles of high blood, the Bloodmen, who lived there.
	He travelled upon his horse to the House of Council wherein Dracon would be found if he was not working on some other project.
	The House of Council was the official counsel place of the king, yet he still did much of his planning in his personal chambers.  Here it was that the Generals met and directed their Lieutenants in the affairs of the kingdom and what they out to command their men to do.
	Major General Xerxes left his horse with the steward to take to the stables as he entered into the House of Council.
	Many High Blood Generals therein were communing over the affairs of their assigned areas.  High Blood General McGorgoth, general over the seven towns to the south west, was explaining about a rebellion that had recently occurred by the Puntemasks to High Blood General Lexingburg, general over the one remaining town and four out posts in the eastern territory.  Several other High Blood Generals were having similar conversations about their own areas of concern, trying to find the best way to take care of each of their problems in a permanent manner.  Like dogs unceasing in their yapping they talked of their realms.
	As interesting as the conversations were, Major General Xerxes did not have time to stay and listen to them for he had a message to deliver.  Carefully he wound his way through the massive structure of the complex as he made his way to Dracon’s chambers within the inner sanctum.
	Dracon always unnerved the Major General.  Some said that he had grown up in the slums amongst the vicious gang wars that took place in there, while others claimed that he had been raised in the north by the savage beasts that resided therein.  Whichever it was though, Dracon could become ruthless and cunning quickly, making him a deadly adversary like a cunning wolf, yet he was also completely loyal to the king and would never betray him like a dutiful dog.  Thus the king made him his right hand man.
	Gently the Major General knocked upon Dracon’s door and was curtly called in.  Whereas the king charismatic and charming, Dracon could send chills down ones spine through his aura of darkness.  The Major General entered respectfully and saw that Dracon was working on some sort of report.  
  “Do you have business with me Major General?”  Dracon asked as he wrote, “Or is it that you just came here to gawk at someone that actually works like they’re supposed to?”
	“Sorry sir,” Major General Xerxes apologized as he gave the letter to Dracon, “I didn’t mean to intrude, but the king sent me to deliver this to you.”
	Pulling his black hair out of his face, Dracon began to read the epistle.  Why he kept his hair so long, none could say.  Yet it fit his appearance, for he dressed in black at all times.
	“Not so Major General.”  Dracon said as the Major General tried to silently leave the room while Dracon was reading the epistle.  “I still need you to carry my response back to the king.”
	Silently the Major General waited as Dracon finished reading and began to write his response.  The Major General, while being on good terms with the king, was rather unnerved by Dracon.  And so nervously he waited, and when Dracon finished his reply, the Major General went forth in his new humiliating role as messenger.  He disliked Dracon.

 
Chapter 3: The Puntemask Library
The scientist connected the 
equipment and prepared 
everything for this last 
experiment.  It was ready.

		Martin sat in the Puntemask Library, he was studying the code that he was given as he waited for Jack to arrive.
	 The Puntemask Library was an ingenious structure, while it had three main floors with plenty of bookshelves that could rotate and slide, allowing for a greater quantity of books to be stored, and ample study space so that all may learn and prepare for that which they desire to know.  It also contained a basement for the public, or better said Puntemask, demonstrations.  Martin had arrived a while after the brawl had ended and then he began to work on deciphering the code.
	“It would seem that something has caught thine attention.”  Someone commented, and looking up Martin saw that it was Elizabeth, one of his childhood friends, she was short and had a cute figure, she had brown hair that she always kept pulled behind her.  Most of the young male Puntemasks had had romantic feelings at one point or another for her, yet they never dared approach her about them.  His and her parents wanted them to marry as they both came from notable Puntemask families.  Yet through it all Martin felt nothing for her, other than the warm friendship which they shared.  “May I aid thee?”  She asked, sitting next to him.
	“Alas I do not think so.”  Replied Martin.  He knew that while Elizabeth was intelligent, she was not an expert of codes, “a code hath intrigued me.”
	“Oh do let me see it.”  Pined Elizabeth as her curiosity spiked.  “They can be great fun to solve.”  She added as she leaned into Martin.
	“If thou wilt see it, so be it.”  Martin commented as he placed the parchment with the code between the two of them and slid somewhat away from Elizabeth.  “’tis obviously a copy taken from a stone, one can tell from the manner in which this copy was achieved, a simple rubbing.  However the characters are of interest here.  They are completely alien to me.”
CVS  CWCS  J  WN  WOZ  WN  OPC
JO QMWYS  PT TJAS  J  BQSF  FWCSA
JT  CVPD  BSSLSBC  NHQWBBWUS
JMM ZSEPDA CVSS
	As Elizabeth looked upon the parchment she could see what Martin meant by that.  The code was a series of lines, boxes, and dots placed throughout it.  “It does look quite complicated.”  Elizabeth commented as she looked upon it in wonder.
	“T’is.” Replied Martin, putting the copied code more towards Elizabeth so that she did not need to lean upon him.  “It appears to be a common code, yet by following common algorithms it still is an unintelligible mess.”	He said as he showed her another piece of parchment that he had used in attempting to solve the code
CVS VWCS J WN WOZ WN OPC
JO QMWYSPT TJAS J BQSF FWCSA
JT CVPD BSSLSBC NHQWBBWUS
JMM ZSEPDA CVSS
	“It has no reason that I can perceive to it.  Nor was this made by sliding the letters on a letter cipher.”  Martin explained.  “I do not understand it.”
	Elizabeth sat next to Martin and looked on, thinking.  “Who gave you this?” She suddenly asked.  
	“’tis nothing but a puzzle that I have found and desired to uncover its hidden meanings.” Martin explained.
	“’Tis not I say, for one does not just stroll out yonder and find such gibberish and think ‘perchance this might be a code worth solving’.  Nay I say, none would say such a strange thing.  Now tell me plainly, from whence doth this riddle abound?”
	“Why doth thou desire to know this thing?”  Martin at length asked.
	“No doubt, as thine intelligence is as great as mine, thou must understand that upon having a proper working knowledge of from whence this riddle is from one might be able to find more exact information from within the library on the source of this thine code.”
	“That is actually brilliant.”  Martin said somewhat sheepishly, ashamed that he himself had not thought of it, “I am not completely certain from whence this doth come, however I do have some thoughts of where this might originate."
	The two began to go up the massive staircase which spiraled its way up the three main floors.  The staircase itself was large, it could comfortably hold many people ascending and descending, which at this moment Martin and Elizabeth were not the only ones upon the staircase, nor in the library itself.
	“Oh sometimes I curse these rules of walking.”  Elizabeth whispered as they quietly walked, “I know the reasons as to why we must not.  Yet I still just want to get this over with and find the source.  One must never stifle the desire to learn.”
	“Patience dear friend.”  Martin said as they rounded a corner into an aisle of two exceedingly tall bookshelves.  “We have arrived.”
	“The code is from the House of Blood?”  Elizabeth asked as she noted the symbols signifying the topic of these particular aisles.
	“’tis my best attempt at divining the source of the code.  Still I know not for certain that this is indeed the source.”  Martin explained.
	Deftly they both began to search through the books to find those which would contain information on the culture, history, and codes, of the House of Blood.  After which they took the books down to the first floor to where Martin had been studying.
	Studiously they searched the books, seeking that which be of value to them in this their search of the code.  They spent much time there studying the House of Blood, and while they discovered many interesting facts about the House of Blood, none of it proved to be useful to them.
	“There’s nothing useful in these accursed books.”  At length Elizabeth pinioned.  “There needs be a better way to go about this ordeal of code breaking than searching through endless amounts of books that surmount to little, if any, useful knowledge about the subject at hand.”
	“Perhaps there is,” Martin thought aloud.  “Perhaps the librarians shall know something that could be of aid to our knowledge of the code, and I thank thee for thine aid in this mine endeavor.”  And thus they rose again, this time to seek out more knowledge from the librarians.
	They went to the front desk wherein the Librarians asked how they could be of assistance, to which question Martin explained “I am in need of aid.  For I have received a code that needs to be deciphered and I know not how to break this code that is now before me.”
	“Might we see this thine code?”  One of the librarians asked, and so Martin took out the piece of parchment and showed it to them.
	“Could it be that the code is a basic one used by children?”  One of the librarians asked upon seeing the code.
	“Alas no, unless this child be a prodigy of which thou doth speak.  In my attempts to solve this code I have attempted many variations of code algorithms, yet all have failed in their appointed task.
	It was in this act of discussing codes, and possible solutions and origins, of one code in particular, that Jack finally showed up at the library, and asked what they were talking about.
	“Verily thou didst tarry to make thine appearance.”  Replied Martin.  “From whence comest thine code that thou hast besought me to unravel?”
	 “I found it on a stone.” Jack replied
	“But from where?”  Martin demanded.
	“To the west side of the House of Blood.”  Jack stammered out, not used to seeing Martin so frustrated.  “Why is that so important?”  Jack then asked, obviously confused.
	“We have just labored over many ancient books of lore for many an hour.  We have sought from what resources have been at our disposition to search.  And the answer that thou hast given couldst mayhap aid us in this our search.  For verily this puzzle has now made itself a challenge unto my intelligence.  Therefore I shall solve it and make it break before me.”  Martin explained, calmly declaring the last part.
	“If this be thine reaction to a simple insult to thine intelligence, then thou art thine own greatest insult to thine intelligence.”  Elizabeth commented.
	“Close thine mouth.”  Martin curtly replied, and then to the librarians he asked “Doth ye know whether or not Zacharius be within the confides of the library?”
	“We have been informed that he has been sighted within the lower levels of the library.”  One of the librarians responded.
	“Who is Zacharius?” Jack asked as they (Jack, Martin, and Elizabeth) began to make their way for the demonstration grounds below the library.
	“He is a friend of my father, and he is very knowledgeable on the Bloodmen. Thou couldest nearly say that he is our expert on them.” Martin explained to Jack.
	“Everyone knows that.”  Elizabeth quickly added.  “But I suppose that thou doth not know this most trivial of knowledge due to thine living in squalor by thine own choice of occupation, being a blasted thief of all things.”
	“Well sorry that I couldn’t have the so called good fortune of being born as a Puntemask.  Not everyone can do that.”  Jack crossly replied.
	“Cease thine bickering.”  Martin responded.  “There be other people here whom we doth not desire to disturb.”
	“This is amazing.”  Jack said as the entered the lower levels of the library.  While he had often visited the library with Martin, he had never actually explored it, and thus he was shocked at the sight that did lay before him here at the lower levels.
	 The lower level was a large singular room with many pillars like sentinels throughout the clearing deftly holding up the library above them.  This floor was set up with the workshops of the various Puntemasks to one side of the wall, whereat a master was teaching his young pupils about working with gears.  Others were at a group of tables as they discussed plans for their contraptions with many pieces of parchment spread about, and Jack managed to catch various phrases that he did not understand (such as “verily if we position the steam capsule in a location such as this, we shall maximize its pressure”).  However, it was the spectacle in the middle of the room that held Jack’s attention, for in the middle of the room was an arena for the testing, and often times battles, of their machines.
	 One such demonstration was in process as the three friends came down.  One Puntemask, in a red frock coat, with well-kept greying hair, some short scruff to match, and a crooked nose, was on top of a basic contraption with four legs, designed to both walk and attack while on top was a complicated system of levers and wheels.  On the other side was another Puntemask, this one in the standard brown coat, with his own contraption which had three wheels at the bottom and came to a point like a spear, the Puntemask himself sat a yard or so back in a protective cage with an equally confusing set of levers and wheels as the red coated Puntemask.
	“How do they know what lever does what?”  Jack asked in awe.
	“’tis simple, the various levers have differing colors about them and designs.  One can tell that which they affect based off of this system.  Thus if I were to need to control either one of them, I could though I have not seen them before.”  Martin explained.
	A bell then rang and the demonstration commenced.  Rapidly the brown coated Puntemask shot forward, he maneuvered his machine to attack the red coated Puntemask.  This attack was quickly underway, the red coated Puntemask began to control his contraption to place three of its feet in a sturdy stance while it lifted the front leg and began to kick the other machine, knocking the other Puntemask off balance.
	What happened next was difficult to be seen by the on lookers for much steam was being released by these two contraptions, blocking much of everyone’s vision, yet the sound was quite audible as they heard the wheeled machine make a screech as it turned, and a moment later it was out of the steam and wrapping around behind the red coated Puntemask’s contraption, and once it was behind it shot forward into the vapor.  Jack, shocked at the battle, took a step back while his two companions took a step closer.
	Moments later it could be seen that the wheeled contraption was pushing the legged one back and off balance and it began to tip, however the red coated Puntemask began to pull several levers and turn many wheels so as to reorient his contraption to be in a firm position again, which caused much steam to be released. 
	A strong bang shot forth, and a few moments later, when the steam had cleared up, it could be clearly seen that the red coated Puntemask had maneuvered the back leg of his contraption to kick the other Puntemask’s machine, and knock it over.  This red coated Puntemask sat atop of his contraption as cheers went forth and the brown coated Puntemask struggled out of his contraption.
	In just a matter of one or two minutes, the battle began and ended, for the Puntemask in the pointed contraption surrendered as he acknowledged his defeat and inferiority in fighting prowess in comparison to that of the red coated Puntemask.  Jack made a sign of disgust at that show of cowardice, which sign did not go unnoticed by the red coated Puntemask.
	“Thou who hath scoffed at the actions of my fellow friend here, doth thou think that thou might do better than he?  If so, I challenge thee to a duel of the machines.”  The red coated Puntemask shouted. 
	“I-I-I…”  Began to stammer Jack, he recognized that he knew nothing of the machines, yet he did not desire to back down from this challenge by the man.
	“I accept this duel on behalf of my friend.”  Martin shouted out.  “However, I only accept duels that have collateral to be offered.  Therefore, if thou doth win, then I shall owe thee a favor.  But in turn, if I do win, then thou must do unto me a favor of my choosing.”
	“I accept thine request.”  The Puntemask called forth, “Certainly this unknown favor that we both desire shall make our advances more interesting.”
	“It is accepted than.”  Called forth Martin as he headed towards the combat arena.  
	“Martin, why are you doing this for me?”  Jack asked.
	“’tis because of our friendship.”  Martin responded as he set off.
	“That, yet it also stems from his desire that thou doth not ruin the situation with Zacharius.”  Elizabeth added.
	“Wait, he’s fighting Zacharius?”  Jack asked, shocked.  
	“Yes thou buffoon.  That is what I have just stated.  Doth thou need me to spell it out for thee?  The one in red, whom thou hath given offence to, is no other than the Zacharius that with whom we need to speak.”
	To this bit of information, Jack looked on as Martin took out several capsules from the fallen machine, placed new ones into it, stood the machine up, and then climbed into it.
	“Be careful young lad, or else thou shalt face the same fate as the previous operator of that contraption.”  Called forth Zacharius to Martin, who was quick with his own reply.
	“Aye, however if I were to worry about someone, ‘twould be the one who is overbearing in his false self-confidence of naught.”
	“Verily thine wit is quick, yet that shall not save thee in thine time of need.”
	“True, yet know also that my savvy’s deep, which coupled together with my wit form a bond that shall henceforth conquer thee.”
	“Is that so young sir?  Then prove it.”  Zacharius called forth as he made his contraption charge that of Martin.
	“Very well, if it’s defeat that thou doth desires, then ‘tis defeat that thou shalt receive.”  Called Martin as he shot forth.  All this before the bell even rang to signal the beginning of their battle.
	Zacharius deftly sidestepped Martin’s contraption and managed to kick at Martin, throwing him off balance.  However Martin quickly changed his course, using the force of the contraption to steady itself.  Zacharius kicked at him again, this time in the back, sending him forward and giving him momentum, momentum that he could use.
	Martin turned around and came towards Zacharius.  He made a feint for the left, Zachariuis moved right, in the blink of an eye Martin was to the right, scoring him a successful hit and knocking Zacharuis over.  Zacharius fell back, and while he did he rounded the legs of his contraption to be like a ball. It rolled around, back into its upright position.
	Jack and Elizabeth both gasped at this “I thought he won!”  Jack said in astonishment.
	“As did I.”  Elizabeth agreed with her eyes held onto Martin.
	Yet now Zacharius had begun to kick at Martin again, this time toppling his contraption over.  All the Puntemasks began to applaud, however Martin’s contraption began to release a lot of steam as he pulled various levers and turned several wheels. Quickly the applause died down as everyone began to focus on the cloud of steam that Martin had produced, quite curious as to what he was doing.
	Zacharius began to tentatively move forward, careful, unknowing what Martin was planning, when suddenly Martin shot out of the cloud of steam.  Everyone stood in shock, wondering how Martin had managed to raise the contraption from its fallen state.
	The contraption that Zacharius was in began to move out of the way to not be hit by Martin, however he could not move fast enough for Martin hit him squarely on.  Zacharius once again began to roll backwards, however Martin kept pushing him until he hit the wall, pinning him on the side.
	Zacharius began to try and move the legs of his contraption to kick at Martin and reorient himself into an upright position.  However Martin used that opening in order to ram at Zacharius and pin him so that his machine was no longer able to function. 
	Again the people began to applaud, and as they did Zacharius got out of his contraption and applauded as well, acknowledging his defeat to Martin.  “Child, who art thou?”  Zacharius asked, rather amazed that he was defeated by such a young opponent.
	“I am Martin, Martin Apollyon.”  Martin declared to all.
	“Thou art general Apollyon’s son?”  Zacharius asked in disbelief.  “Thou didst quite well lad, quite well indeed.”
	“I thank thee, it took a lot of practice.”  Responded Martin.
	“Well, thou hast won, how might I aid thee?”
 
Chapter 4: The Scarlet Insignia
The Scientist pulled the
Lever, water rushed through its course
Generating energy and cooling
The system.  It was working.

	Major General Xerxes had been occupied with different errands for the king, and finally he had been released and allowed to return to his post.
	He travelled back to the barracks in order to refocus on his task of keeping watch.  As he entered the barracks familiar sights met him as he saw a fresh group of cadets entering for training at the tender age of eight years old.  It was common practice among the Warmen to send their children at such a young age into training so that they might learn and find their powers, and to bring honor to their family.
	Quickly he made his way past this group and went to the training grounds.  The Barracks of War was large, for it was built to be the training grounds for all new cadets as well as well as to be the home of the army of five hundred Warmen stationed in Arabor.
	As he entered the back he saw many cadets going through different exercises, from sprint, to drills, to being put into what would appear to be life or death situations.  This last part was done as it would often aid the cadets to trigger their unique abilities.  And on the other side, he saw Brigadier General Warsaw observing everything that went on as well.
	Brigadier General Warsaw was a close friend to Major General Xerxes, and often they would work closely when in combat since with his sword he could cause a rift to be created for a short span of time, separating two groups.  Brigadier General Warsaw was a tall and dexterous man, and while he preferred not to fight, he was a deadly foe on the field of battle.
	Silently Major General Xerxes signaled for Brigadier General Warsaw to follow, and then he made his way to the cafeteria and took an empty table in the back corner, wherein they had a decent view of the whole room and the three entrances therein.  
	“Yes Major General Xerxes?”  Brigadier General Warsaw asked, they had been allies for about as long as both had been in the academy.  Brigadier General Warsaw had entered the academy just two years after Major General Xerxes, and when he received a mentor, it was Major General Xerxes.  Now, as their careers had progressed, they sought to aid each other in their desires to protect and aid the people.
	“How are the others in our squad?”  Major General Xerxes asked, he had seven men under his command as his advisors and aids.
	“Well, Brigadier General Rockfort is well and eager to be off.”  Brigadier General Rockfort was a loyal and trusted soldier, he was also expert in espionage, an attribute aided by his cunning.  “Lieutenant Colonel Marshall has gone off to perfect his technique.”  Lieutenant Colonel Marshall was intuitive and was quick to see possible solutions to problems, and potential problems that could likely occur.  “Lieutenant Colonel Struhs is preparing the horses, as he was told to do,” Lieutenant Colonel Struhs was one of the only two normal humans in their group, however he obeyed with exactness, which proved him to be useful on several occasions wherein others had not followed instructions correctly.  
	“As for under my command,” Brigadier General Warsaw continued, “Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt is assisting your secretary in writing up the reports of our stay here,” Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt would tend to try to find a way to help others when she had no assignment to work on so as to maximize her productivity. “And Lieutenant Colonel Grant is brooding somewhere.”  Lieutenant Colonel Grant tended to sulk and go by unnoticed, how Brigadier General Warsaw had first noticed him Major General Xerxes could not say, however Lieutenant Colonel Grant had proven to be a skilled assassin.
	“And what can you report about your task?”
	“Following the thief?  In all honesty, I don’t think that it was a standard thieves’ guild.”
	“What makes you say that?”
	“Their attitude for one.  How many thieves strike in the middle of the day, and in a crowded place, while also knowing that we are nearby?” Brigadier General Warsaw asked, to which Major General Xerxes had to agree, Brigadier General Warsaw then continued, “but it’s more than just that. As I followed them I found, and heard, something more,
	“The thieves traded the box to a cloaked man, whose voice sent shivers down my spine.  I swear that I have heard his voice somewhere before, I just don’t recall where it was that I have heard it before.
	“And after they left the grounds, I inspected and found this.”  Brigadier General Warsaw said as he handed an insignia to Major General Xerxes.  The Insignia was a black shield, and in the middle was a scarlet red drop of blood.  It was the insignia of the Blood Men.
	“Do you know what this means?”  Major General Xerxes asked in shock.  “How could one of them betray us?”
	“I don’t know sir, yet it could be that they just stole it from somewhere.”
	“Don’t comment about this to anyone yet, not even our own men.  We need to be careful on how we do this, we’re going to have a slight delay before our departure. We may be here for a bit longer than I thought, I have also received a special promotion to deal with these various ordeals that are occurring within the kingdom, we are going to be taking care of these conflicts.”  Major General Xerxes explained as he rose
	“Yes sir.  And where are you going sir?”
	“To speak with High General Dextarius.”
	And so it was that the mystery of the Scarlet Insignia commenced, and thus Major General Xerxes thought to try and postpone his departure until a later date. 
Chapter 5: Meeting in the Night
The Chemical compounds were
changing.  The scientist could see it
was working for it glowed red.
It was working, then tragedy struck.

	Jack watched as Martin, Zacharius, and even Elizabeth, talked about the code.  And he was completely lost in their discussion.  It’s not that he had not tried, for he had.  Rather though, it was more so that codes were not his forte.  Yet, to him, it appeared that all the Puntemasks loved them.
	They had been here for a while, and had talked about more code styles, and ways of deciphering them, than he knew even existed.  Silently he listened as Martin suggested it could have come from another, an ancient, language, however Zacharius denied that possibility
	“Well then, what thinkest thou, Jack?”  Martin asked.  While Martin knew that Jack was not the most mentally adapt, he would always try to include him in their activities and give serious thought to his ideas.  It was for traits like this that made Jack a faithful friend to Martin.
	In truth, Jack had always looked up to Martin, ever since they had met.  It had been years ago, Jack had been sent to steal a book from Martin’s house, and while doing so Martin had found him trying to reach the book.  Jack hadn’t noticed until Martin, with his longer reach, had taken down the book and then proceeded to give it to Jack.  They then talked for a while, and Martin invited Jack to join his circles, which were, and have remained, quite small.  After that Martin had always been his protector, helping him out in many incidents.  Martin was one of his only friends.
	“Jack, art thou with us?”  Martin asked.  Jack quickly realized that he had lost track of time and that they were all looking at him.
	“Sorry, I got lost in thought.”  Jack quickly explained, feeling embarrassed about it.
	“If so easily thou art lost in thine thoughts, which only thou doth roam, ‘twould be nigh impossible for thee to not be lost in a simple market place wherein do travel many people.”  Quickly opinionated Elizabeth.
	“Let us not have bickering amongst friends.”  Martin demanded.  “Now, Jack, what thinkest thou, could there be more to this puzzle upon thine stone?”
	“There could be, I suppose.”  Jack uncertainly replied.
	“Lad, when couldst thou lead us unto said stone?”  Inquired Zacharius, he had been aiding them for a few hours now.
	“I’m not exactly sure where it is, but I can learn.”  Jack explained.  “I’ll be able to take you all there in two days.”
  “That is if thou canst find thine way here within reality better than in thine mind.”  Elizabeth quickly added, annoying Jack greatly.
	“Jack, I thank thee for thine aid.”  Commented Martin, soothing matters greatly.  “Well, I shall be off to my abode, for the hour doth wax old.  Jack, if thou doth not find me sooner, we shall see thee in two days’ time.”
	“Well, ’tis late and we ought to be off so that we can beat the rain before it descends upon us for this morning I saw the signs of rain this morning in the red sky.”  Zacharius added, and so they bade each other farewell and set off, each to their respective abodes, all planning to meet in the space of two days.
	Jack set off, making his way for the Arabor thieves Guild.  He passed through the shadows, not seeking to call attention to himself.  He was a thief after all.
?????

	Major General Xerxes was returning from High General Dextarius, he had recently left the General’s home and was heading back towards his lodgings in the city as he felt the chill of rain go down him.  It was during this endeavor that he noticed a figure slipping through the shadows.  No doubt one of the many thieves that infested Arabor, he would quickly put an end to this part of the problem.
	He came upon the drenched thief, and once the thief saw that he was coming, the thief began to run.  However Major General Xerxes was quicker, and thus he caught the thief and thrust him against the wall.
	“What are you doing here?” demanded Major General Xerxes as he lifted the lad up.  The thief tried to punch him, yet he was not affected by it for he was a Warman, and Warmen are near impenetrable below the head.
	As he looked at the lad, he recognized him as the lad that went after the thief and had helped the fallen Puntemask.  “You are with the Puntemasks?” Major General Xerxes asked as he released him.
	“Not exactly.”  Replied the lad begrudgingly as he eyed Major General Xerxes and rubbed his throat where he had been pressed against.  “I’m just friends with a couple of them.”  He further explained.
	“What were you doing there?”
	“What does it matter to you?”  Replied the lad, now surveying the area, no doubt for a quick escape route if push came to shove, for it was obvious that in a physical competition Major General Xerxes would have the upper hand.  “Who are you anyways?  You were the archer at that fight weren’t you?”
	“I am.”  Replied Major General Xerxes, hoping to instill some sort of confidence into the lad.  “And I want to know what you know about those thieves so that I might be able put a stop to them.”  Explained Major General Xerxes, suspecting that this lad might know something about that group of thieves.
	“They’re just thieves, why would they interest you?”
	“There’s something different about them, and I’d like your help to learn more about them.”
	“If I knew anything, and I spoke, I would be a target.”  The lad began to protest, however Major General Xerxes stopped him.
	“As a Warman, and being in the army, I would be able to offer you some protection if needed.” Explained Major General Xerxes.  At this the young thief seemed to relax, so Major General Xerxes took him back to his house, gave him some bread, and began speaking with him as they warmed themselves next to the crackling fire.
	“They aren’t your regular group of thieves.”  The lad explained.  “They’re called the Blood Rats.  At times they seem to have Bloodmen working for them as well.”
	“When did this group begin to operate?  How long ago?” Major General Xerxes asked.
	“About sixteen years ago or so.”  The lad explained.
	“When King Nicamor died?”  Asked the Major General.
	“They’re the ones that killed king Nicamor and his family.
	“How do you know this? The Major General asked in shock at this revelation.  Often he had wanted to avenge the death of the king, and now it appeared that he just might have his chance to do so.
	“Um, I knew someone who was there on the night that they were murdered.”
	“Who?” The Major General asked.  He knew that a group of thieves had entered that ill fortuned night.  Could it just be possible that one of them had managed to survive that accursed night?  “Where can I find him?”
	“You can’t.”  The lad explained.
	“Why?  Is he dead?”
	“It doesn’t matter.  Even if he was alive, there would be no way that he would meet with a Warman.”
	“So, if I was not active in the military he would have been fine with meeting me?”
	“I suppose so, I don’t really know.”
	“What was he?  How did he know about what happened?”
	“He was a thief lord.”
	“Then he must have kept records.”  Xerxes commented to himself, and then asked the lad “Could I make a trade to see the records?”
	“I suppose if you were to owe the current thief lord a favor he might be willing to let you see the records, if there are any.”
	“Now, how is it that you know about this yourself?”
	“Uh, well, you see, I kind of, well, I of overheard the previous thief lord talking about it.”
	“Right, and after that?”
	“After what?”
	“After you over heard the thief lord talking about it, how did you know that it wasn’t a ruse?”
	“Because, because there is honor amongst thieves.” The lad said determinedly.
	“Alright then.  So could you see if I could see this record?”
	“I can try to.”
	Major General Xerxes began to consider everything that he had heard from the lad, and then he began to ask the lad about everything that he knew of the record.
	“If I tell you what I know, you’ll owe me a favor.”  Jack commented.
	“Very well, if, that is, your information is in accordance with what the record says.”
	And with that settled, the lad began to explain everything that he knew, from when the thief lord entered the Castle of Blood, snuck into the nursery, saw the prince turned into blood, and finally the departure from that castle.
	“A Bloodman who turns items into blood.  When would you be able to bring me the record?”
	“I’m not completely sure, however I shall see if I can bring it to you, if I can, meet me in three days at the clock tower as the clock strikes three.  If I am able to bring the record, I’ll be there, else, I don’t know if we shall meet again.”
	“Very well, I’ll accept this offer.  Now, you probably shouldn’t go out in the rain, I can prepare a bed for you here if you’d like.” 
	“That would be nice.  Thank you.”
	And so Major general Xerxes prepared a bed for the lad, checked to verify that all of his valuables were secured, and then went to sleep as he listened to the gentle thumping of the rain like a lullaby of sweet dreams.
	The next day, when he arose, the lad was gone.  All of his valuables were still where he had left them, and he found a card written by the lad left on his table.
	“Sir,” the card read, “I will verify that if I can bring the record.  If I can, remember to meet me at the clock tower in three days at three.  Do not bring weapons, and do not inform others about this arrangement.”  

 
Chapter 6: The River Island
Lightning struck as thunder boomed
like unto a cannon.  The machine
was blown apart. In the flash of
an eye his life’s work was ruined.
 
	Quickly time passed them all by, they returned to their daily activities until the appointed time arrived and they returned to one another inside of the Puntemask library.  Martin was there first, for he was always early to his appointments so that he would be able to study and prepare for the events that would necessarily transpire.
	While he was reading a book of ancient lore, Elizabeth arrived, sat next to him, asked how he was, and took his hand.
	Deftly he took his hand from hers and used it to turn the page as he replied to her question, “I am fine, and how art thou?”
	“I am well, and what studiest thou?”  She asked, sliding closer to him so that she could rest her head on his shoulder, however he slid slightly away from her, thus making her nearly fall off her chair.
	“I am reading about the roots of Draconia, from whence it comes.” This he said as he slid the book in between them.
	Looking in the book, she noticed that it talked about the abilities of those of the queens blood, the Necromancers, theirs was to have control over the dead, and thus to help illustrate this the book contained a drawing of a skeleton.  “Truly thou art colder than the corpse within the pages of this ancient tome.” Elizabeth commented.
	“If indeed I am as cold as thou doth claim, than thou ought to depart hence from me or else thou shalt parish from the cruel death of frost bite.”  Martin replied.
	“No” replied Elizabeth, “for I must come to thine aid and warm thee so as to rescue thee from thine danger of the ice within, that ye die not.”  This she said as she went to wrap her arms around him.
	“If this be my only hope, then I must decline and accept the icy death that surely awaits me.”  Commented Martin as he moved away from her, escaping her embrace.
	“’twould be quite ill fortuned to lose one such as thou to the cold unfelling ice of thine soul.”
	 “Except that thine warmth is poison unto me, which poison would give unto me a worse death than that of the ice within.”
	“Art thou from Draconia?”  Elizabeth suddenly asked, to which Martin had to respond in the negative, to which Elizabeth replied by saying “then thou art not dead, and thus thou art alive, which thing must surely mean that thou hast warmth within-“
 
	“Over what speak ye?”  Zacharius asked, standing behind them.  This startled Elizabeth.
	“She’s trying to seduce me.”  Answered Martin calmly as he turned a page.  This comment further embarrassed her, as she was already turning red from having been overheard and overseen by Zacharius, and it did not help that as this transpired Zacharius began to laugh at their situation and give her a wink.
	They began to speak with one another about how their days had gone by, and about what they had done.  Quickly the time passed and the appointed hour arrived before that of Jack.  
	“The hour has passed us by already, and yet Jack is not here.  Why must that fool always tarry in his tasks, and what could drive him to such tardiness while he seeks our aid.”  Elizabeth crossly said.
	“Well, there are many various reasons that could cause such a delay.  From being delayed by a boisterous crowd, or perchance a friend of his has come to peril.  There many variables that we know not.”  Martin replied.
	At this comment Zacharius began to laugh and commented “Ha ha, verily it doth appear that ye two have already made thine vowels to one another many years passed.” This made Elizabeth blush again, and Martin began to study his book with renewed vigor.  All of this just made Zacharius laugh even harder.
	Jack then arrived at this most inopportune moment, and found himself very confused.  He asked if they were ready, to which Elizabeth and Martin both responded very much in the affirmative, and so they set off.
	 The party went forth, following Jack down many twists and turns into alley ways only known by those who lived there and the thieves that hid within them.  Many people saw them pass, yet there was no one who thought to ask them any questions for that was unsafe in this world of darkness wherein night ruled.  Like vapor they passed by the world, fleeting and sparse.
	“Jack, how be it that thou doth understand the complications of these passages in which we traverse when thine intelligence be so dreadfully low?”  Elizabeth asked.
	“Perhaps it’s not so low after all.”  Jack remarked to Elizabeth’s disdain.
	“’twould appear that his statement is true Elizabeth.”  Martin said.
	They continued their traveling for about the space of a half hour, and then they arrived in front of a wall.  
	“I revoke my comment that I have earlier put forth.  Thou art still only a fool, thou doth not understand these alleys in which we have wandered, and we have become lost.”  Elizabeth said staring at the wall in front of htem.
	“Actually, our destination is on the other side of the wall.”  Jack explained.
	“Why?  Is there no other way around?”  Martin cautiously asked.
	“There is another way around, however it is heavily guarded.  This path just happens to be at a blind spot.  Here we can slip in and out fine.”  Jack replied.
	“Exactly how valuable is this code of thine?”  Zacharius asked, “And what is it for?  For a simple code doth not warrant such measures to protect it, and if the secret encrypted within thine code is of such value, we ought to know what it is.”
	To this Jack had no answer, and finally replied “upon solving the code, we should be able to figure out what it’s for exactly.”
	“That is if, and a very big if, we can solve the code.”  Zacharius said as Jack began to climb the wall.
  Quietly they began to cross the wall.  Jack climbed with ease as he had done many similar things within the thieves’ guild that had required climbing.  Elizabeth, on the other hand, had no such experience and thus faired considerable poorer than that of Jack.
	“What?”  Jack asked seeing Elizabeth’s struggle, “Do you find this sort of thing difficult?  It only requires a little bit of practice with the hands, and don’t you girl Puntemasks do a lot with your hands?  Or are you just weird?”
	“Thou art a buffoon thou foul speaking thief.”  Elizabeth retorted “we construct devices with our hands that are far superior to anything that thou couldst construct with all of thine ‘dexterous’ hands.”
	“I’ll have you know that I am having a hard time believing that,” Jack responded, “especially considering that I am doing quite better than you at climbing this wall.”
	Elizabeth had to acknowledge that he was further up than she was, and was still scaling it faster than she was, even though he was constantly looking down upon her (which vantage point she didn’t like him to have) and she was looking up.
	“Elizabeth, are you going to move any faster?”  Martin asked as he reached the level that she had attained, even though he had started climbing last.
	Zacharius began to laugh at this, however Elizabeth was angrier with Jack for laughing at this than she was with Zacharius.  “Henceforth make not a sound thou toad.”  She demanded to Jack.
	“What?  All I’m doing is stating a fact.”  Jack snidely responded.
	“Both of thee, focus on the task at hand and not thine petty squabbling nonsense.”  Martin finally ordered, much to Jack’s chagrin as he was quite enjoying being able to give taunts to Elizabeth without her having any real thing to throw against him.
	At the top of the wall they finally saw the stone that they were seeking, and quickly scaled down the other side of the wall.  Everyone proving to be more adept at climbing down than up.
	It was behind the wall upon a small island, for water flowed from the gaping mouth of a shadow beast fountain that protruded from the wall.  The water flowed until it reached the island, flowed on either side, and then joined into one body of water again, flowing off into the woods.  And like singing fairies it gurgled its melody.
	The stone itself was a square stone with nothing remarkable about it, other than for the code engraved upon its top surface.  Jack guided the three Puntemasks to the stone, and there they began to study it and the nearby surroundings, yet nothing more could be found of the code than that which had already been written.
	“Our search would appear to have been in vain.”  Martin commented to Jack.  “’twould appear that there is nothing more here that is able to aid us with the code.”  This he said, for they had searched and found nothing that could be of use.
	“Mayhap there is another option that we can try that could yield more results.”  Commented Elizabeth, “For we can verify if something lies upon the bottom of this stone.”  To this Zacharius agreed that it was quite possible that something could be on the bottom.  And so they worked together to move the stone onto its side.  After straining for longer than any would like to admit, they found that Elizabeth had been right about something being engraved upon the stone, for with in it were more of the alien symbols.

W  FWAAJPA  HPDMM  OSSZ  FVPMM  ZJS  OPC
WOZ  APHWM  XMPPZ  CP  XUS  UWCS
TPA  JT  CVWC  HPD  MWYL  HPDMM NSSC
HPDA TWCS
	“’twould appear that thine code doth hath a second part within it.”  Thought Zacharius aloud after seeing the writing upon the stone.
	“I’m sorry, this will probably make it more difficult for you all to break it.”  Apologized Jack.
	“Do not worry,” Martin began to assure Jack, “for when more of the code is found, it will prove easier to find a pattern and be able to dissect it.”  And so Martin noted this new part down.
	“Um, if I may, what time is it?” Jack then asked, to which question the three Puntemasks took out there pocket watches and answered that it was just past one.  
	“We should probably be going before the guards come.  They often come around one fifteen.”  Jack said.  And so they put the stone back into place, which was done more easily than taking it out had been.  And then they left the same way that they had come in.
	After about an hour or so they found themselves within the Puntemask Library and they began to work on the code.  Quickly there after Jack explained that his father had need of him so he had to go.  To this Elizabeth replied that he ought to get a real job.  They argued for a little until Martin told them to stop and sent Jack on his way as they continued to work with the code like ants working dutifully.

 
Chapter 7: The Sewers
Slowly the scientist began to
clean up his ruined lab.  
It was all over.
But then he noticed it.

	Jack raced down the streets.  He needed to be at the clock tower by three and it was already after two.  He knew that he was going to be late.
	He passed by a group of Puntemasks and found himself being blocked as a large group of scholars were bringing many items across the street’s intersection, thus blocking his pathway forward.  This he did not like since he was already going to be quite late, and this would only cause further undesired circumstances to be upon him.
	Quickly he looked for another way across the street, and then he realized that the building were close enough for him to jump across.  And so he went down a small alley way and began to climb up the wall by using some old crates that were left out and the balcony above him.  Deftly he maneuvered his way to the top and prepared to cross the busy intersection.  He ran until he reached the end of the roof and then he jumped at the last possible moment.  Air flowed through his hair as he flew across the deep gap.  Like an agile bird he made it to the other side.  He loved this feeling of adrenaline rushing through his veins that these sort of leaps always brought with them.
	He safely landed upon the other side, and just kept running upon the house tops.  Quickly he flew to the clock tower.  He saw that he had about ten minutes until the appointed hour arrived. He had managed to make it without being late.
	Slowly he circled the area, verifying that the Major General had arrived, and hadn’t brought guards with him.  Upon seeing none, he made his way down to the Major General.
	“Impressively done, Jack.”  Commented Major General Xerxes, “You arrived right on time.”
	“I always arrive when I mean too.”  Responded Jack as he studied the Major General.  In truth, the Major General looked like a normal citizen for he had left his military uniform behind and had brought the rough clothes of a simple farmer, Jack now noticed that he also had a women with him who was standard height, she had blond hair that was pulled back, and a serious countenance.
	“She’s Jane, a friend of mine whom I trust, especially when going to a meeting like this.”  Explained the Major General.
	“Well, um, we’re actually going to go to meet the person I told you about, best not to explain it here, and where we’re going is no place for ladies.  It’s in the sewers.”  Jack replied.
	“Trust me, I can handle myself in tough situations.”  Jane remarked, “If Major General Xerxes is going, then so am I.”
	“Very well.”  Jack relented, “But do exactly what I tell you to
	Deftly he began to lead them down many alley ways that few would dare enter.  Many studied them warily, yet none did attack them as they travelled through these dangerous paths.  For this was Jack’s world.  Like a dangerous jungle they passed through warily.
	They went until they came upon an old dirty brick wall closing off the direction that they had been going.
	“Where exactly are we going?”  Major General Xerxes.
	To this Jack pointed to an iron grate covering the sewer that laid in front of them.  “We’re going into there.”  Jack said “You see, the thief lord I told you about, he’s not dead, he’s my father, and he was wanting to meet you.”
	“You mean to say that he isn’t dead, and he’s your father?”  Major general Xerxes asked in shock.
	“Yes, precisely that, and he wants to meet you so that’s where we’re going.”S
	They then lifted up the iron grate and climbed down into the sewers below them.  Jack entered last, and as he did he moved the grate back to being above the hole that it covered.  They had entered the sewers, and now the foul smells of the system engulfed them in its crude aroma.
	“This next part you’ll have to trust me with.”  Jack began to explain, “You guys can’t know where the thieves’ guild is, as such we are going to meet with some others of the thieves, and then both of you will have to be blind folded and guided the rest of the way there.”
	“I understand, we’ll come.”  The Major General said.
	“What, no!  We can’t put our safety into jeopardy!  We nee-“ Jane began to say, but was cut off by Major General Xerxes.
	“Whether we’re putting our safety into jeopardy or not doesn’t matter right now. We have no other choice if we are to meet with the thief lord.”  Responded the Major General, “and furthermore, I trust the lad, he won’t harm us.”
	While this did not completely ease her fears, it certainly aided in calming her them.  Jack then guided them through the sewers, being careful so as to lead them through a complicated route that would be hard for them to retrace.  The sewers were built large enough so that the workers could easily enter and repair what damage may exist, and there was a walkway on either side of the sewer’s walls so as to make moving underneath more accessible.  However now only the thieves who lived there could map out its system, for it was a dangerous labyrinth and was easy to lose oneself with its coursing path.
	Eventually they came across a group of four thieves all wearing black masks, whom Jack had mentioned, waiting for them with blindfolds and a cart.  Jack signaled to them that all was okay, and explained to the Major General and Jane that these were the allies of whom he had spoken of, and that now they were to be blindfolded and brought to the thieves’ guild.
	Major General Xerxes and Jane then came up and were blindfolded, and then they had a rag with chloroform placed under their noses, making them both quickly fall asleep.  Shortly thereafter they were placed into the cart that the thieves had brought with them, and then they all took off their masks.  One of them, Alice, came up to him and hugged him as she commented “I missed you, I wished that I could have come back sooner from the quest that Strum sent me on.  But it was important.”
	 Jack had always found Alice enchanting, and they found that they had mutual feelings for each other.  Alice was about the same age as Jack, yet a year or so younger.  She had short raven black hair that didn’t come to her shoulders, and she would usually try to be with whichever group that Jack was assigned to when a raid was planned.
	Jack took her hand and they began to wind their way back through the sewers towards the thieves guild, the whole time the two enamored beings were communing over the events that had transpired since their last meeting several months ago.
	As they went forward, two of the thieves’ guards came out to verify that these young thieves were not intruders and that all was well.
	They were in the Araborian Thieves’ guild.
 
Chapter 8: The Arabor Thieves Guild
The elixir that had once glown
red was still in its place and in tack.
However, it now no longer glowed red, yet
rather it glowed blue.

	Major General Xerxes awoke with a headache, he had not expected to be put to sleep by the thieves.  Cautiously he looked around and noticed that his secretary, Jane, still asleep in a chair next to his.
	Silently he assessed his surroundings.  He was in what appeared to be a small cell made of stone that now had moss growing upon it.  His hands were tied behind him by a coarse rope.  And the only sounds to be heard were the scurrying of the rats and the dripping of water somewhere nearby.  The smell that managed to reach them was not pleasant either.
	In shock Jane awoke, in panic she began to look for a way out, causing some noise to be made.  “Jane, calm down, it’s cold blue.”  Major General Xerxes soothingly commented, helping her.  Cold blue was part of their code to each other, it consisted of code green, cold blue, code yellow, and code red.  Code green meant that there was no threat, code blue meant that the speaker could control the situation, code yellow told the recipient that they needed to work together to be able to win, and code red showed that all the odds were against them and thus they would be bound to die.  As such, when Major General Xerxes said that it was code blue, he was saying that he would be able to take care of the situation.
	Major General Xerxes knew that he would be able to do this, for he knew he had enough force to break his bands, yet it would not further their cause to do so currently, rather it would be better for them to wait until the thieves were ready to make their next move.
	They then heard voices coming from outside their cell.  “The preparations are ready sir.”  Commented a soft voice.  “Good, and how are the men holding up?”  Asked a quiet voice that Major General Xerxes had to strain to hear.  “They are ready for action sir.” Replied the soft voice.  “Well then, lead them out.”  Commanded the quiet voice, and then the cell door was opened followed by the sound of footsteps coming towards them until the man stood directly in front of them.
	This man stood about five feet tall, with short curly brown hair.  He had a broad smile upon his face that seemed as if it could make even the fiercest of beasts his allies.  Upon his waist were two daggers with marks from obvious use, no doubt from something not very reputable.  His shirt was of a dark color, and had been cut off at the sleeves, revealing his muscled arms to all who cared to look.
	“Well now,” the man began, revealing that he was the man with the quiet voice, “you two must be the people whom Jack was telling me about.”  The man said as he grinned widely.  Major General Xerxes noticed that Jane seemed a little uncomfortable, she wasn’t one that enjoyed war, yet she didn’t want to leave him by himself either.  “I hope that you’ve not been awake too long, the aroma can be rather unpleasant in this room.  Well, let’s first introduce ourselves, I’m Strum, leader of the Arabor Thieves Guild, and who are you two?”
	“Xerxes’ Replied Major General Xerxes, and Jane answered with her name as well.
	“Well, thank you for your names,”  Said Strum as he Leaned against a wall, “however, I asked who you are, not what is your name, so let’s try that again shall we.  Who are you?”
	Somewhat confused at this repeated question, Xerxes thought for a moment, wondering what Strum could be searching for. “I am a Major General in the Kingdom of Blood who wants to know what you know about the death of King Nicamor.”  Major General Xerxes finally answered, which reply seemed to make Strum happy.
	“Well then,” said Strum as he came over to them.	“We might be able to work together then.  You are a Major General who wants information, and me, why, I am a thief lord who wants access to some records of the military.  Perhaps we can work out an agreement that we’ll each find suitable.”
	“First untie us, and then we’ll negotiate.”  Major General Xerxes responded.
	Strum chuckled at this, and then he commented, saying “Major General Xerxes, you, I, and your pretty assistant.  We all know that you two, as Warmen, can easily break the ropes with which I have bound you.  If you want out, break them.”
	This was not the sort of answer that Xerxes was expecting, and as they did not see any other way to gain their freedom, Xerxes and Jane broke the cords with which they had been bound.  
	“Now then, are you both ready to negotiate access to information?”  Strum asked as they rose.
	“Yes.”  Major General Xerxes replied.
?????

	After having arrived at the thieves guild, Jack and Alice, and the other thieves in their group, had been assigned to complete several different tasks around the guild in order to prepare for their next operation.  They had finished their preparations and were ready to set off.  
	Alice then came up to Jack, grabbed his arm, and commented “the preparations are finished love, we should join our group and head off now.”
	They were going to raid the Scholars’ Library, the largest Library in Arabor, and in all of Crowthania.  They were set to go forth and still some sort of plans that they had acquired.  Silently they commenced their journey.
?????

	“So then, the agreements are all set.  It’ll be fine for us to cut the rope?  No one’s going to complain in the future?”  Asked Strum, relaxing in a chair with his legs resting on the ridge of another chair.
	Major General Xerxes and Jane were sitting on the other side of Strum in comfortable chairs that would normally not seem to belong within the sewer, yet here, in Strum’s office, they seemed to fit in nicely with the other decorations.  It was filled with rare and valuable items, no doubt all of which had been stolen, and carpets had been placed up against the walls so as to make it feel more homely than that of a sewer.	“Everything is set, go ahead.”  Major General Xerxes replied.
	“Now then, what is it that has piqued your curiosity?”
	“First, what happened the night that King Nicamor died?”  Major General Xerxes asked, “What is it that you know that the rest of us don’t?”
	“Why, that would be an excellent question, one that many people want to ask, yet few dare ask it,”  Strum commented while grinning widely, “and I have just the answer for you, you see…”

?????

	“-I can’t read, so could you teach me how to read in the library?”  Alice asked Jack as they trotted down the sewer system that was their home.
	“I believe that we could do that.”  Jack replied, and then added “if we can find a closet and have a few extra moments, that is.”
	“Oh I just adore you.”  Alice whispered to Jack.  “And we should turn here to get to the library.”  She said pointing towards a split in the sewer system.
	“Ah, Alice, I have something to tell you,” Jack whispered back to Alice, not wanting others to hear.  “Earlier today, when coming here, I found something, I found-“
?????

	“I found few of the bodies of my comrades.”  Strum explained to Major General Xerxes.  “Most of they had been destroyed by his power.  So I ran with what I had.  That man was a monster.”  Strum grimaced as he said this, the memory of it obviously not very pleasing.
	“No one else survived?”  Xerxes questioned.
	“Not a soul.  I just hid in fear until it was all over.” 
	“And how does Jack fit into this?”
	“Why would you want to know about that?  Well, let’s see, Jack, well, he-“
?????

	“-was carrying what?”  Alice asked in shock.  She couldn’t believe what Jack had told her.  “And you didn’t take the time to stop it?”
	“Hush” Jack whispered back at her, for she had raised her voice in her shock.  “And no, I didn’t stop him.  I didn’t have time to, and besides, it would have made me take a longer time to get to see you again.”  Answered Jack, kissing her on the cheek.
	“Stop that, what are the others going to think?”
	“Like I care.”  Jack said, kissing her again.  “I love-“
?????

	“I love him.”  Strum answered.  “He’s my son.  It would be best if we don’t talk of this to him.”
	“Of course.”  Xerxes replied.  “Best to keep treating him the same.  And now, what do you know of the Blood Rats?”
	“The Blood Rats?”  Strum repeated, “what do you want to know about them?”
	“Everything.”
	“Well, that’s an awful lot, not even I know everything about them.  They are-“
?????

	“-at it again!” Whispered one thief to his friend.
	“Well just don’t look at them then.”  Responded the second thief.
	“I can’t help it, they’re guiding us.”  Answered the first, “I want to know where we’re going.  They’re wrapped around each other.  Why do they have to do it in front of us?”
	“Well, when you have a girl, you’ll know about it also.”  The second said, to this the first responded “but you haven’t got a girl yourself, how would you know about this?”
	“I had a girl once.”
	“Wait, where’d she go?  What happened to her?”
	“She slapped me across the face and went with another man.  It was painful.”
	“That’s pathetic, that’s what that is.”
	“Ouch, that hurts.”
	“We’ll, it’s true.”
	“But you still don’t have to say it like that, you’ll understand when she does it to you.”
	“Wait, I have an idea, what if someone wrote about those two lovers, and about whatever master is doing back in camp.”
	“It would be interesting, but don’t you think that it would confuse whoever were to read it?”
	“Exactly!  It would be a great joke after all.”
  “That is true, and it reminds me of a joke, the best one, it goes like this, you see-“
?????

	“-that’s all I know, I have nothing more to tell you about them than that which I already have said.”  Strum answered.
	“Thank you for your aid sir.”  Major General Xerxes said, rising from his chair.  “We shall be off then.”
	“All right.  And I’ll just send Jack to call upon you when I am ready to collect on your part of the bargain.”
	“Understood, until then.”
	“Until then, and I hope you don’t mind, but I’ll need to drug you again and take you away so that you don’t know where this base is located.”
?????

	Jack and Alice were whispering to each other when suddenly two of the four other thieves burst out in laughter.  Looking behind them, they saw the two laughing hard.
	“Hey! You guys!  What happened?  What’s so funny?”  Jack asked.
	“Nothing sir, nothing sir.”  One of the thieves replied.  The other added “Samuel here told a splendid joke, one day he should tell you it sir.”
	“Perhaps, perhaps later would work better, for we are now under the library, and we need to be in and out.”  Stated Jack.  “Are you all ready?”
	They are responded “yes sir”.  Then, turning to Alice, he asked her if she was ready to learn how to read, to which question she answered yes, “If we can find a room that is.”
	Jack and one other thief then began to open the grate to the library, then they began to send everyone up until Jack was alone down in the sewers.  He then jumped and the thieves above caught him and pulled him up.
	They were in. 
 
Chapter 9: The Library of the Scholars
After devouring the blue liquid, the
Scientist found that he changed,
he became more powerful, he could
command anything, and it would obey.

	They had searched the upper floors of the library and found nothing of what they wanted, and so they decided to go to the cellars of the structure.  Silently Jack guided them.  He had studied the layout of the public floors earlier that week.
	Alice hissed to get Jack’s attention, and then signaled him to come to her, which thing he did.
	“There’s more commotion outside than is normal.”  She commented to him as she looked out a draped window.  Peeking through as well, Jack saw many carts rolling through the street, which thing was abnormal for their late hour.
	Suddenly Jack heard a thud behind him, and by turning he saw that one of his thieves, Ryan, had attempted to go down the staircase and thus activated a trap by doing so, which trap shot an arrow into his leg.
	“Ben, Sam, take Ryan out of this library and back into the sewers now.”  Jack commanded.
	“What!”  Cried forth the first thief, Ben, in a hushed tone, “This is the punishment that he must pay for his own stupidity of attempting the staircase alone and without aid.”
	“Aye!” Agreed the second thief, Sam, in equal amounts of zeal and anger.  “If it was anyone else you would have left them to their own devices, as he should be now.”
	“Be that as it may,” Jack sternly responded.  “Ryan is our tinkerer, and we need him alive.  Yes he was stupid, and he shall pay for his stupidity in another form.  However, unless one of you two are able to take on his task of understanding the device, we need him alive.”
	“But we can find another tinkerer!  And what about that Puntemask friend of yours?  Surely you could get him to do that for us.”
	“No.  Martin is to have nothing to do with this.  I don’t want him to know anything about this due to the nature of that which we are stealing.”
	“Master Jack, what is more important to you: this thieves’ guild, or your friend?  For if it is the thieves’ guild you will have no qualms about involving your friend with this task, however if you value that friend of yours above the thieves’ guild, than maybe you shouldn’t be the heir to the thieves’ guild.”
	“Do you question my loyalties?”  Jack said suddenly drawing his dagger out and pointing it at the thief who had thus accused him.  “I? The son of Strum the Thief Lord?  Know that Martin is more useful to us in other areas, such as the decoding of that accursed code that we haven’t been able to understand.  No, he is not to be involved with this, and you two will take Ryan out of here now, or else I will report you both to my father for conspiracy, if you both don’t happen to die before then.”
	With that the two thieves complied, taking Ryan out of the library as they continued to mutter at this “unfair” fate of theirs.  Jack then turned to the remaining thief, and told him to take watch as he and Alice went on.
  Carefully they examined the staircase and found that there were many more traps therein, and so they began to proceed cautiously down the deadly staircase.
	At the bottom of the staircase they found themselves in a hall.  Jack then took forth a small stone from his pocket and tossed it into the middle of the room.  Instantly a spike shot up and then lowered in the tile that the stone had landed on.
	“Who knew,” Alice began to comment “Libraries can be quite dangerous.”
	“And this one more so than normal.”  Jack replied back.
	Slowly the two began to inspect the tiles for further false tiles as they talked of the events that had transpired that day.
	“It would seem” Jack began to explain “that the green tiles are the safe tiles, and the switch over there could quite possibly stop the spikes.”
	“So Jack, the question is are you going to wait here as I turn off the spikes, or will we race across?”  To this challenge Jack rose from examining the tiles and off the two went.
	With great agility they made their way across the hall.  They jumped from green tile to green tile, taking care not touch any of the other tiles that laid upon the floor of the hall. Jack made it across first, and as he turned he saw that Alice was frustrated with this, especially as she had about two yards left to cross.  Jack was about to go to the lever, but then he noticed that Alice was about to jump.
	She jumped and sailed through the air.  It appeared that she was going to make it.  However she needed slightly more force, and Jack realized that she wasn’t going to make it all the way.  Alice realized this as well, and so she reached out, groping for anything to aid her.
	Jack shot his arms out and grabbed hers, pulling her in towards him.  However her right foot landed on a deadly tile, shooting a spike up and down, piercing her lower leg.  Alice wrenched in pain as Jack laid her down in the safe area, and she tried to hold still as Jack examined her leg.
	“Doctor, am I going to die?”  Alice asked through clenched teeth.
	“It doesn’t look like it, but you’ll have some difficulty walking for a while.”  Jack replied
	Looking at the wound, Jack took out his dagger and cut off one of his sleeves.  Which sleeve he then used to bind up Alice’s leg.  She then tried to stand, yet could not for her leg buckled under her.  “Maybe next time you’ll just let me pull the lever.”  Jack teased, “and maybe you should listen to your doctor.”
	Gasping as she continued to try to stand, she commented “that will never happen.”
	“Well, because of your recklessness you can’t go any further.  I’ll go on and I’ll take you when we depart from here.
	Alice was forced to accept this, for she knew that they needed to retrieve that which they came for.  And so Jack went on alone.
	He carefully made his way through the rooms, always looking for traps without finding anymore.  In the last room he found that which he was looking for, a machine that his father said had a special power source.
	He now saw in from of the equipment that the scholars had been carrying earlier when he had run across them in the street blocking his path, except that now it was put together and massive.  What it would do, Jack could not say, however it did appear as if a part was missing from it.
	Carefully he looked around the room and found the box that Barthallamew had stolen from the fallen Puntemask a few days before hand.  Jack opened the box and found a metallic cube contained therein.
	Jack wasn’t sure that this was the power source that he was looking for.  However it did come from the Puntemasks and they did make strange items that he didn’t understand.
	Using a cloth that he took from his pocket, he wrapped up the cube and put it in a pocket within his shirt.  He then began to make his way out of the Library, taking Alice with him and letting her know all was well.
	Once they were out of the library, their tinkerer, Ryan, confirmed that the cube was what they were wanting.
	Jack’s only concern now was what to tell Martin of the stone, for he hated steeling items belonging to those whom he cared for.
 
Chapter 10: Midnight Meeting
The scientist found that with
this power the world turned against him,
and so he went forth to start a new life,
and before long a child was born

	In the dark alley way stood three men, they had been waiting for some time and still the man they were supposed to be meeting had not arrived at their agreed destination.
	“Where is he?”  Asked in annoyance one of the men, as he shivered from the cold night air that surrounded them.
	“Pipe down Barthallamew.”  Ordered another man, Rezin, the leader of the Blood Rats, which was considered to be one of the largest thieves’ guilds in all of Crowthania.  “We don’t want him to overhear our complaints.  He has granted us great success after all.”
	“Very well, master Rezin.”  Barthallamew replied.  He himself knew that he whom they were waiting for had been a great blessing for them.  Many times this man had taken care of deadly legal matters that would have destroyed their thieves’ guild long ago.  “I still wish he would get here quickly.”
	“Hush.” Rezin said as he looked on anxiously through the shadows of the dark night, like an owl he took note of anything that moved as he detected what appeared to be their contact coming towards them.  The man approached Rezin and the thieves that were with him.
	“You’re late.”  Commented Barthallamew as the hooded man drew close to them, to this Rezin quickly added an apology, saying “sorry for his lack of manners, he has just come back from a long task that has left him quite weary.”
	The hooded man tilted his head slightly, and though Rezin could not see his eyes, he was certain that the man was analyzing them through his hood like a bird of prey studying what could likely be its supper. What he thought of them Rezin could not tell, yet he hoped that it was not to their ill effect.
	Silence then reigned for a brief moment as Rezin waited for this man to speak.  While he was an ally, Rezin was certain that the man would betray them at a moment’s notice if it became advantageous to him to do so.  Finally the man spoke in his ever so silky voice, “Have you completed your task?”  The man asked, his voice showing annoyance for having to ask that question.
	“No sir,” Rezin answered, and upon seeing the cloaked mans’ scowl from under his hood, he quickly added “it’s because of another thieves guild, the Arabor Thieves Guild, they have slowed down the process.  However it will be ready shortly.”
	“It better be, my master wants it now.”  The cloaked man said darkly.  “I’ll send a few of my men in to help take care of this rival gang.  There better be no more delays after this.  My master is anxious about this task.”
	“And what about your side of the bargain?”  Rezin asked as the man turned to leave.
	“My side?  You don’t need to worry about my side, there will be no delays in that which I do. Unlike some people whom I know.”  He then began to leave, yet only took a few steps down the alley way, then stopped and added “Also, you all ought to make sure that spies aren’t around here when we do our business, I do so hate doing your job.”  This the figure said as he took off his gloves, shot out his hand through a pile of boxes, and brought out a struggling spy by the neck.
	This spy then turned to blood and was no more.  The hooded figure then continued on his way as he replaced his gloves upon his hands.
	“Barthallamew,” Rezin began to say after the man had left them, “that’s why we don’t insult him.” 
Chapter 11: Dustiornect
This child had a power,
yet it did not manifest
itself for many years
and so the Scientist thought that all was well

	Arrows rained down upon the battle as the Puntemasks retreated into the city.  The war had been going on for several days already, General Apollyon recalled that it had started when the town’s people tried to force them out of the town.  And now an accursed skirmish was at hand.
	“General, Warmen have arrived.”  A tall red coated Puntemask, Arithor, told the General.
	General Apollyon released a deep breath of concentration.  Only a few days ago he had been summoned from Arabor to aid the Puntemasks in the city of Dustiornect.  It was supposed to be a quick and simple task, yet it wasn’t.  “Have the eastern and western flanks wrap around the city, and replace the front lines with the reserve.”  General Apollyon ordered.
	Quickly Arithor raised a series of flags which sent forth the appointed orders.  As if they had received the commands telepathically the two side flanks came back into the sides of Dustiornect, thus raising themselves up, for the city was built upon a hill.  Furthermore, the Puntemasks had made a wall around the city which they could easily climb, and thus have the advantage of height and any advantage that could be gained was exceedingly useful in a war against Warmen.
	Another volley of arrows was shot, maiming more of the Puntemasks as they changed their positions to the high ground in preparation for the Warman assault.
?????

	Major General Xerxes and his crew came into the outskirts of Dustiornect.  He had received orders to take care of the rebellion that was happening therein.
	As they entered the makeshift headquarters one of the generals of the town’s militia began to brief him on the happenings of the war.
	“Sir, the conflict started when the Puntemasks refused to aid us in an ongoing investigation.  They hold us in contempt as is their nature.  After refusing to aid us in the investigation, they forced everyone who was not in favor with them out.  After that we had to retaliate and began counter measures to defeat these traitorous Puntemasks.”  The militia general was explaining.
	“So why did they attempt the first attack?”  Major General Xerxes finally asked.
	“I beg your pardon?  Do they even need a reason to act so outlandishly?  They’re Puntemasks.  If they have a reason, I fancy that we will never know what it was, unless it was just disgust at us for not pertaining to their order”
	“Well then, we’ll try to have negotiations to see if we can settle this peacefully, seeing as how it would appear that you all have skipped over such a basic step.  A step that can end many conflicts in peace..”  Stated Major General Xerxes, he then ordered for a messenger of theirs to go and ask for negotiations to be made.  Then to his own Brigadier Generals he commenced speaking “Brigadier General Rockfort, look for possible solutions that we can suggest to the Puntemasks, and Brigadier General Warsaw, take your men and assess possible stratagems that we can use in case the negotiations don’t go as planned.  And Jane, we’re going to plan the negotiations.”  And so every man went their way as Major General Xerxes had ordered.
	“Major General,” Jane began to ask as they went to their office within the recently constructed headquarters. “Do you think that it’s really a good idea to try to negotiate with these rebels?”
	“Jane,” the Major General began to respond, “Our duty is to save lives, and sometimes to do that we cannot choose the easiest or quickest way.  We could send in two hundred Warmen and crush them, yet that would not save a single extra life if these rebels are willing to negotiate with us.  As such we do what we can, even if the odds are against us in so doing.”
	“Yes sir.”  Jane loyally responded as she followed him.
	While the Major General and his secretary were thus talking, Brigadier General Warsaw and his two Lieutenant Colonels went to the top of the headquarters tower so as to get a better view of the scene of the battle.
	“War, what a tragedy.”  Commented Lieutenant Colonel Grant as he looked down upon the field of battle, many bodies lined the streets looking like small dolls from their vantage point.  No side had come out of this without hurt for there were countless dead on both the townsmen and the Puntemask sides.
	“Yes, and that’s why we fight hard and put an end to it as quickly as possible.”  Brigadier General Warsaw responded as he searched across the battle field for enemy troops.  Quickly after they arrived the Puntemasks had withdrawn to the city and now were showing their characteristic brilliance as they fortified the city against the Warmen.
	“Well Brigadier General, we could force our way through the entrance as another group creates a diversion on either side of the filed.”  Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt commented as she looked upon the battle field.  They then noticed a figure with a white flag leaving their headquarters traveling towards the city controlled by the Puntemasks.
	“Now then,” began Brigadier General Warsaw, “it looks like the general here has already sent someone off to ask for the negotiations.”
	“I don’t think that it’ll work.”  Commented Lieutenant Colonel Grant, to which comment the Brigadier General asked why he thought this way, and so Lieutenant Colonel Grant explained that he could tell an assassin when he saw one, and that this flag bearer was one, for Lieutenant Colonel Grant had noticed him placing a dagger down a pant leg.
	“Well then,” the Brigadier General said as he leaned against the fortifications on the headquarters, “we are going to need to come up with some good plans for this upcoming battle.”
?????

	“Flag bearer!”  One of the Puntemasks called out.  “A white flag bearer is coming!”
	Quickly a passage was opened for the flag bearer and his party to pass through.  They entered and found themselves surrounded by a large group of angry Puntemasks.
	“We come with a message to deliver to whomever is in charge here.”  Shouted the man holding the white flag.  This group was then taken to General Apollyon’s office so as to deliver their message.
	“General,” the flag bearer began to say as he stretched his hand out towards the General once they met, “we have a message to deliver to you in private.”
	“Very well, come with me,” the general said, and then added “Lexicon, come thou with us as well.”  General Apollyon then guided them to a back room and asked what the message was that the three of them had come to deliver.
	“Well,” began the flag bearer, “we want peace, and so-“
	“Do not lie to me.”  The general suddenly interrupted the man, “thou hast ulterior motives in this thine business that thou has brought forth unto me.”
	Unnerved, the three strangers looked at one another with unease.  This wasn’t what they had expected to occur.  “Sir, you must be mistaken,” began the flag bearer again, as he went towards the General, “all we want is peace.”
	“Stay back thou lying fiend.”  The general ordered as he drew his sword.  “Now tell me in truth, why didst thou come unto me?”
	“It’s not working,” hissed out one of the companions of the flag bearer.
	“I know.”  He responded, “Try plan B,” as the flag bearers said this the three of them formed a triangle formation and unsheathed hidden daggers and prepared for battle.
	“So, this is the peace that thou hast desired.”  General Apollyon commented as he and General Lexicon stood with their swords at the ready.
	“’twould be within their style, General Apollyon,” Lexicon began to say, “first they try to force us out from our homes, and now when we resist they send assassins under a flag of peace.  Blasted cowards.”
	“It’s your cursed kind!”  One of the assassins shouted, “It’s because of you cursed Puntemasks that Crowthania is falling in power!”
	“Thou doth in truth think this way, is it not so?”  General Apollyon stated more than asked as he studied them.  Suddenly the flag bearer lunged at General Apollyon, who sidestepped and counter struck, grazing the man on his arm.
	The flag bearer turned around, then he and one of his accomplices charged at General Apollyon while the last one went for General Lexicon.
	General Apollyon made a feint for the flag bearer and then brought his sword down behind him into the leg of the accomplice.  Because of that this man fell to the ground and began to yelp in pain like a dog that has been beaten.
	And so went the ‘peace’ offerings that were given.
?????

	“Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt, go bring Major General Xerxes up here.”  Commanded Brigadier General Warsaw as they watched a struggle occur within one of the Puntemask’s buildings.  “He’ll want to see what is happening here.”
	Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt then went forth as she was ordered, running as fast as she could to bring the message to Major General Xerxes.
	“Now, Lieutenant Colonel Grant, do you really think that party was innocent?”  Brigadier General Warsaw asked.
	“You should already know what I think.  The men here don’t like the Puntemasks and are just itching for a fight with them.  Those men they sent were assassins.  There will be no negotiations.  They have cut the rope.”
	“That’s what I think too.”  Replied Brigadier General Warsaw.
	Footsteps were then heard racing up the corridor, and shortly thereafter Major General Xerxes came up, followed by Jane, Lieutenant Colonel Armstrandt, the militia General, and several other men with whom Major General Xerxes had been counselling.
	“Brigadier General Warsaw, what is it that you have summoned me to see?”  Major General Xerxes asked after they greeted, to which the Brigadier General pointed towards the commotion occurring within the Puntemask area while saying “that,” he then went on to explain all that they had seen.
	After that, the Major General asked the militia general if they had really sent for negotiations or just for an assassination. To this the militia general had no answer.
	“What the blasted plague have you done?”  Shouted the Major General at the militia general, “Don’t you know that lives are on the line here!  Or does that mean nothing to you?”
	“They’re Puntemasks,” the militia General tried to explain, “they won’t negotiate, it’s better to just kill them all off and be rid of this nuisance.” 
	“Why?”  Lieutenant Colonel Grant then asked, seeming to come out of nowhere as few there had actually noticed him being in the room.
	“What?  Are you a friend of theirs?  They’re dragging society down.”  The militia General answered back.
	“Why?”
	“What?  Why does it matter to a Warman like you?”
	“I’m not a Warman.”  Lieutenant Colonel Grant answered back coldly.  “My father is a normal man, and so is my mother, except that she is a Puntemask.”
	To this the militia General had no reply, he was speechless.
	“Every soul is worth fighting for. I don’t know about you, but that’s why I’m here.”  Lieutenant Colonel Grant finally said after a moment of silence had passed.
	Suddenly loud noises could be heard coming from the Puntemask side as steam was seen to be rising from many of their towers.  Obviously they were preparing for something in the far off city of Dustiornect, and Major General Xerxes was not desirous to learn what it was that they were planning to do in response to the peace clad assassin that had been sent to them.
	“Do you see what you did?”  Major General Xerxes asked the Militia General in utter annoyance, “You have made this much more difficult than it otherwise would have been if you had followed your orders.  Brigadier General Warsaw.”
	“Yes sir?”
	“Lead out a brigade of Warmen to the front, don’t let them have time to attack.  Jane, go tell Brigadier General Rockfort to lead out a brigade on the right flanks, and general, you’ll lead out a brigade on the left flanks.”  Quickly everyone went as ordered, except for the Militia General, who tried to protest saying that he was a general and as such should be where they were making plans.  And as such Major General Xerxes demoted him then and there to the rank of a corporal, and he promoted another man to the rank of a General, and then sent them out under the new Generals control.
	All his orders were then obeyed and the men went as ordered.  In less than an hour the attacks had begun.

 
Chapter 12: The Thievery
Yet the child did begin
to show his true
abilities.  Which was a
dark control.

	“Martin, you called for me?”  Jack asked as he stood in front of the large Apollyon estate.  Only a few hours earlier he had received a letter from Martin summoning him to Martin’s abode.  And so here he stood in front of the massive structure, which easily furnished three floors and a long garden leading to the entrance.  If Jack had not been there as often as he had, and known Martin was well as he did, he would have been surprised that Martin was still an expert with the Puntemask contraptions.
	“Yes, enter, follow me.”  Martin replied and waved him through the ornate doors.  “We hath managed to solve that code of thine, ‘twas fairly simple as well, just a simple modified code that I should have thought of trying instantly after the first attempt failed to work.  However we went the long way about it.”  Martin then went on to explain about the methods with which they had solved the code, however Jack became lost as Martin spoke of different patterns in speech that one uses, which patterns allow for the breaking of codes.
	When they reached the doorway to the estate’s library, Martin paused for a moment, and then said “Jack, I know that you didn’t listen to anything that I said earlier, which is of no importance really.  However I must know one thing, what is this thine code for?”
	Jack paused, he himself was unsure of what the code was for or why exactly it was of importance.  He only knew that his father had stated that it would give them some valuable knowledge.  “It contains a secret to achieving some knowledge that my father wants.”  Jack finally said.  “More than that, I can’t say.”
	“Jack, I’m afraid for thee, for this thine code threatens death upon the unwary who seek that which it hides.”  Martin said after a moment had passed, and then he opened the library door and guided Jack to a table where upon rested an envelope, which envelope Martin took and gave to Jack as he commented saying “the answer to thine riddle lies in here.”
	Slowly Jack took it out and began to read what Martin had deciphered the code to mean
The gate I am, and am not
in place of fire, I spew water,
if thou seekest my passage, I’ll devour thee

a warrior you’ll need, who’ll die not
and royal blood to break the gate.
For if that you lack, you’ll meet your fate.”

	“Thank you Martin.”  Jack thanked after he finished reading the message.  “This is of great use.”
	Martin mentioned that it was nothing, and that they ought to be off.  Jack asked why, and thus Martin explained that he had entered a “mech competition”.
	“What’s that?”  Jack asked somewhat confused, he had heard the term “mech” on various occasions, yet he still had no idea as to what a “mech” was.
	“Doth thou recall yonder machine with which Zacharius and I fought one another?”  Martin asked in return.
	“Yes, I remember those things, they were massive.”  Jack replied.
	“Those items are mechs.”  Martin responded, “And it is with those that I shall fight in this upcoming competition that I needs attend.”
	And so Martin and Jack left the Apollyon estate and began to make their way to the Puntemask Library.  On their way there, as they passed the market place, they saw a Bloodman posting an item that did appear to be some sort of announcement.
	Quickly a throng of people grew around the notice and many pleased voices rang forth from the crowd.  In little time Martin and Jack pushed their way through the throng, and began to read the notice
	“Verily, verily, King Garsen the seventh doth proclaim” so read the notice, “that in ten days hence a general assembly shall be held, wherein the King, his Majesty, shall explain his new and glorious plan for all, which plan shall bring forth the blessings of heaven down upon us, for this is the Plan of Prosperity.  All shall have an increase and none shall have a decrease.  There shall be no great or small amongst us yet rather we shall all be as one.  This, his Majesty’s proclamation, shall be held in the morn on the first day of the tenth month.  Come one, come all, and together we shall raise Crowthania to new heights that have never before been achieved.”  Following that was the king’s signature and the blood droplet seal of the kingdom of Crowthania.
	“What do you think of that proclamation?”  Jack asked Martin.
	“It doth sound as a good idea that might aid many within this kingdom, and in these days much aid seems to be needed with the growing resentment between the various cultures here.  And what art thine thoughts upon this matter?
	“I’m not sure, my father seems to think that something is up with the kingdom.”  Jack replied.
	“That’s because your father is a thief lord, but what doth thou thinkest?”
	“I think that for the general public it’ll be good, yet for my family it’ll be more difficult to live.”
	“Interesting.”
	Jack and Martin continued on to the Puntemask library, conversing on various items as they wound their course through the streets.
	Finally they reached the Puntemask Library, and in front was a crowd of angry looking Puntemasks.  At the top stood one of the librarians, he was making frantic motions as he was shouting something, and as Martin and Jack got closer they began to understand what he was saying.  “-thus the library will be closed until further notice and the competition that ye hath gathered forth for shall be postponed until otherwise notified!  I sincerely apologize for all inconveniences.  Yet, alas, we must take care of the matter at hand before we shall be able to continue on!”
	Confused, the pair moved towards the crowd to see what had occurred, when suddenly Elizabeth shot out of the crowd, took Martin’s hand (who quickly began to try to remove his hand from her grasp), and she began to quickly explain what had happened, saying:
	“Oh Martin, ‘tis most terrible and dreadful this thing which hath befallen us.  For thou must understand, a rogue group of bandits have forced their accursed way through the library until reaching the lower sanctions.  And verily this group of rogues and thieves hath stolen away the mechs that did lie in preparation for this day’s competition.
	“What they shall do unto the mechs, I know not.  Yet this I do know, the library doth lie in shambles and therefore the usage of it has become inaccessible.  Zacharius, possessed by a demonic rage, hath sworn an oath that verily he shall not rest until the foul culprits hath been justly punished for this their ill offence.”
	“And where be he?”  Martin asked as he finally freed his hand from Elizabeth’s desperate grasp, and then Jack added “We’ll help him get back your machines.”
	Elizabeth collapsed and began to cry, and further said, “Martin, ‘tis not all, for our research, as well as that of many others, has also been stolen away.”  After this she burst into tears.  Very bewildered at what he should do, and quite unsure of himself, Martin sat next to her on the ground and began to rock her as he softly repeated the it’d be all right.  All the while his mind was racing to find what punishment would be most suitable for the foul fiends that committed the heinous crime.
Jack, looking down upon them, began to say “I’ve got a bargain for you both.”
 
Chapter 13: New Sights
His abilities over
blood grew. And soon
thereafter another child was born
this time, a daughter.

	Dracon rode upon his stead.  He was going to the castle of Blood, for he had been summoned by the King to account for the preparations of the proclamation in ten days.
	He was thusly riding when he beheld in an alley to the side a few thieves threatening a mother and her young child who was hiding behind her dress.  The mother was in despair, she began to cry as she pleaded for the life of the child as well as her own.  Yet the thieves had no compassion for her and drew their knives.  They were ready to strike.
	The thief leader took his knife and thrusted forward, yet it did not hit its mark for like a hawk going in for the kill Dracon had ridden in and with his own sword hit the thief’s puny blade aside.  The mother began to cry in joy at the arrival of this her rescuer while the thief began to fear for what had once been easy pickings was suddenly a dangerous threat.
	The thieves and Dracon began to study each other, and seeing as the thieves’ leader now had no blade, the two other thieves ran away, and Dracon then decided to put his own blade away and dismount.
	Suddenly the thief rushed at Dracon, who easily sidestepped, raised his left hand and used it to push the thief backwards in the face, knocking him over.  After receiving the blow from falling to the ground, the thief went unconscious.  In less than a minute it had begun and ended.
	Crying forth with joy, the mother and child thanked him.
	“Young lad, what is your name?”  Dracon asked as he kneeled before the boy.
	“Fredrick.”  The child responded.
	“Well, Fredrick, you need to learn to protect your mother, you can’t always depend upon others to save you and her.”  This Dracon said as he removed his black hat and placed it upon the boys head.  Then, rising, he said to the mother “take care, beware the world.  And in all likelihood we could cross paths again.
?????

	King Garsen the seventh was waiting for Dracon, he was late.  Which was quite unusual.
	Suddenly Oliver came into his chamber with a large grin upon his face and a feisty squirrel in his clutches.  “Papa!”  Oliver shouted with joy, “Look what I found in the garden!”  As Oliver said this he hoisted the squirrel up for his father to see, which thing the squirrel sorely disapproved of.
	The king began to chuckle lightly as he asked “son, how did you catch this poor deer?”
	To this, child eagerly responded, saying “I saw it in a tree, and then, and then I threw a rock at it!  It thought it was a bird and tried to fly, but it doesn’t have wings so it fell! Can I keep it?”
	Laughing now, the king responded, asking “don’t you think that its mother will be worried?”
	“No!”  The boy brightly responded.
	“No?”  Asked the king, “Why do you say ‘no’?”
	“Because it doesn’t have a mother!  It’s a squirrel, they grow on trees.”
	“Well, if it grows on a tree I guess it’s a fruit,” the king kindly began to respond, “and whatever fruit you pick, you can have.”
	To this the child shouted with joy and took his squirrel turned pet out with him.  As Oliver left, another man entered, a man whom King Garsen recognized as Dracon.  The king bid him enter, and he did so, bowing to the king.
	“Dracon, you are late.”  The king commented in complete soberness.
	“I’m sorry your highness, I found some people in desperate need of aid, and I paused to help them.”
	“What had occurred?”
	“Your sire, I found a mother and her child being attacked by several rogues.  I took out the rogues and now they are in the hands of the authorities.”
	“Very well, your lateness is excused.”  The king said as he sat at his desk, Dracon following suit as he sat in front of the king, and then the king continued, “However, now to business, what do you have to report for the preparations for my proclamation of the plan of prosperity?”
	“Your majesty, the preparations will be ready by the date set.  The contractors with whom we are working have had a few setbacks occur, yet nothing that shall ruin your plans your highness.”
	“Very good.”  The king said with satisfaction, “So, how long should these final preparations take?”
	“My king, according to my contact, it will take about two more days to finish the preparations.”
	“Well then.  It appears that everything is swell and I have nothing to worry about for it’s all in your more than capable hands.”
	“Yes your majesty, I won’t permit anything to go amiss.  Especially not in these final bits of preparation that are needed.”
	“Very good, and Dracon, I have one more task for you.  It would seem that the scholars are up to something.  I would like you to find out what.  Oh, also, it would appear that some thieves are involved in this.”
	“Very well my sire.  I will see what can be done.”
	Dracon then rose and prepared to leave as the king began to shift through the papers on his desk as he looked for the speech that he would give on the day of the proclamation, he preferred to memorize his speeches over reading them.
	As Dracon was about to leave, the king called for him, and said “oh, Dracon, one last thing.  I sent some people to do a bit of digging about her, and you know who I mean by her.  Well, it would appear that she is not dead as we had previously thought.  I do not know anything more, yet when I do I’ll let you know.”
	“Thank you my king.”  Dracon then left, he was quite pleased.  He now seemed to have a new vision in his eyes, a new hope.
	The rest of the day was bound to go well.
 
Chapter 14: Trebuchets and Ballistae
She was unlike
her brother in power,
for though she had
no blood power, hers was another

	Major General Xerxes watched the battle play out as he stood atop of the makeshift headquarters of Dustiornect.  This battle had gone on for two hours now.  The Puntemasks had proven to be more resourceful than they had expected, which was normal for the Puntemasks.
	After the first hour had passed by they sent out a Warmen contingency to storm the entrance, yet that had failed for the Puntemasks had made a trench while they had been distracted with the fight going on, then they had covered it up with mats made of branches and grass.  This trick had wounded many of the Warmen as they had tried to cross the perilous ground.
	Now they were battering at the gates of the city, like angry dogs running against a wall, as Brigadier General Rockfort was directing a series of trebuchets that had been hastily constructed.
	“Major General,” Jane called out, “we’ve caught an enemy spy who says that he has a message to deliver to you.  Would you like to see him?”
	“Do you know what it is that this spy wants?”  The Major General asked.
	“He says that it is for negotiations.  Although I do not know if that is the truth considering our current situations.”  Jane replied.
	“General Falcon!”  Major General Xerxes called out, General Falcon being the man whom Major General Xerxes had appoint to be over the militia.  “I need you to take over for a little bit.”
?????

	Brigadier General Rockfort led his men forward, they needed to gain ten meters for their trebuchets to be in range of the captured city of Dustiornect.  The road they needed to travel was rocky and littered with corpses, which made their task even more difficult than it would normally have been to accomplish.  Yet it still needed to be done and so they travelled much like their unfortunate comrades had before their untimely demise.
	A flaming arrow went into the sky from the Puntemask forces, like a herald of ill tidings, and suddenly hordes of Puntemasks rushed upon Brigadier General Rockfort and his men.  Leaving little time for preparation from this assault led by fire.
	Drawing his sword, Brigadier General Rockfort ordered his men to protect the trebuchets, and then he charged forward upon his horse, guiding forth his men as he gave a mighty war cry.
	The sea of red coated Warmen met with that of the brown coated Puntemasks, and the devastating waves rolled forth as the Warmen slaughtered the Puntemask forces much like a shark wrecks carnage amongst fish with no protection.
	The Warmen struck, and as they struck areas had lightning from their abilities, while others caused the earth to shake, and yet others had deadly accuracy.  All this because of their abilities from their heritage.  And, as the fish would surely flee from the superior sharks, so did the Puntemasks flee from the Warmen as they began to subside, drawing back to their barricades, Brigadier General Rockfort couldn’t help but to wonder what their objective had been by this assault.
	Lieutenant Colonel Marshall then came to the Brigadier General, “Sir!”  He shouted forth, “The Puntemasks have sabotaged four of the trebuchets.  Permission requested to leave behind a squadron to repair them.”
	“Permission granted.”  The Brigadier General responded, “Now return sir to your post.”
	“Sir yes sir!”  Lieutenant Colonel Marshall replied and rode off.
	A blaring horn went off to the east, a horn which Brigadier General Rockfort recognized to be a call for aid, and, based off of its location, it came from Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ contingency.
	Brigadier General Rockfort then quickly sent a small force of forty men to aid Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ and his men.
	They began to proceed forward again, cautious of enemy attacks.  This last wave of the Puntemask assault left many dead in the trail, which was troublesome with such large and heavy equipment.  Therefore Brigadier General Rockfort commanded ten of his men to clear the corpses from the frontlines and onto the side, and then he sent two messengers to order his two Lieutenant Colonels to do the same as they are capable.
	Looking forth and setting his sights on the city, the Brigadier General realized why the Puntemasks had attacked, further than to sabotage a few trebuchets, rather this group was more meant as a distraction.  This was done so that the Warmen army would not realize what the Puntemasks had erected, for upon their wall stood a giant contraption with which to launch giant bolts.  It looked rather similar to that of a giant crossbow, and Brigadier General Rockfort did not like how it was facing towards several Trebuchets.
?????

	Lieutenant Colonel Struhs and his forces had suffered greatly from the Puntemask assault, for to start with this contingency was mostly made up of normal humans and not the Warmen, and further the Puntemasks had rigged something to explode after a certain amount of time.  Because of this, once they had defeated the first assault and began to move on, many explosions occurred, wounding and killing many.  Lieutenant Colonel Struhs was fortunate enough to have only received minor bruises.  It was in this state of array that allowed the Puntemasks to come down and deal massive damage to them.
	However Lieutenant Colonel Struhs had the presence of mind to use the horn which he carried to call for aid, and so forty Warmen were sent to aid them, which did wonders for their morale making them raise up with new found strength much like a thirsting man near death after drinking from new water.  They began to set forth again, eager to defeat this enemy.
	‘Twas in this state that we now find the squadron of men under Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ control.
	As they moved forth, Lieutenant Colonel Struhs felt that something was amiss.  It was not like the Puntemasks to do something that would be of no avail like the attack that had just occurred.  Thus other the Puntemasks were not as intelligent as everyone claimed, or they had some plan that Lieutenant Colonel Struhs did not understand.
	“Commander,” One of the captains of Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ regiment called forth to him, “what are your orders?”
	“Move forward.”  Lieutenant Colonel Struhs ordered after a moment of consideration, “and stay alert for any abnormalities on the Puntemask side.”  As Lieutenant Colonel Struhs commanded they set off.
	Before long the men began to fall into many traps that had been set up by the Puntemasks and concealed within the terrain, and while these traps did not hurt many, it was slowing down their march.  Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ attention was suddenly called over to one of the captains who was riding over as he shouted something that Lieutenant Colonel Struhs could not make out, and he was making gestures towards the city of Dustiornect.
	At first when Lieutenant Colonel Struhs looked over at the city he could not see what was so important so as to direct his attention there, yet as he studied the wall, he noticed a tower, and upon this tower the Puntemasks were assembling a giant contraption.
	Shortly after this revelation the captain who had gestured towards this item arrived and Lieutenant Colonel Struhs began a series of questions, “Captain, do you have a name?”
	“Yes, Grimshaw sir.”  The captain replied.
	“Do you know what that item is?”
	“Yes, it’s an invention of the Puntemasks, there was talk about this item a bit before all this happened, and it’s called a ballista.”
	“Do you have a team that can go and destroy that ballista?”
	“Alas sir, I do not have a team ready to go and destroy it.”
	“Would you be able to form a group that can?”
	“Yes sir.”
	“How long would it take?”
	“Half an hour or so sir.”
	“Okay, you have twenty minutes and then a group needs to leave to destroy it.”
	“What?”  Captain Grimshaw asked, shocked, “I’ll need more time than that, I can’t just-“  He got no further for Lieutenant Colonel Struhs stopped him “Captain, we are out of time.  If we want to win this then remember that speed is of the essence.  There is no time to waste, now go and form that group.”
	“Yes sir.”  The captain replied, saluted, and then rode off.  Lieutenant Colonel Struhs hoped that trusting in this captain would prove useful and not be their downfall.  In the end though all he could do was trust in others and hope that it wouldn’t come back to haunt him.
	They stood about sixty six meters from the city, they needed to move about six more meters before they were in range, and Lieutenant Colonel Struhs had no idea as to the range of the Ballista affixed to the top of the tower, however he was certain that they were already in range of it.  Something would need to be done about the ballista in order for them to be of any use with their trebuchets.  In all likelihood if the ballista was not destroyed, a slaughter would occur within their ranks due to the slowness of moving the trebuchets.
	While Captain Grimshaw was gathering a team to destroy the ballista, Lieutenant Colonel Struhs decided to have his men move forward and attempt to reach the sixty meter mark with as many trebuchets standing as possible so as to eliminate the ballista should Captain Grimshaw be unable to muster a team to disable the ballista.  As such he sent forth a command to keep going.
	Shortly thereafter a bolt was fired from the ballista, barely missing the trebuchet next to Lieutenant Colonel Struhs.  Still they continued to march towards the looming city.
	A minute or so later another bolt was shot, this time destroying the trebuchet to the right of Lieutenant Colonel Struhs.  Many cries came forth as the trebuchet fell, almost falling upon several men who narrowly escaped like a bird from a hungry cat.
	“It’s no good, leave it behind!”  Lieutenant Colonel Struhs ordered to the men who had been moving the now destroyed trebuchet.  Quickly they stopped and went to aid the others in their endeavor.
	After another perilous minute, another bolt was shot.  This one destroyed the trebuchet to the left of Lieutenant Colonel Struhs.  From the impact many of the logs constructing the trebuchet snapped, making it contort and swing its weight, crushing into Lieutenant Colonel Struhs and leaving him unconscious.
	And so the group was left leaderless in that perilous situation.
 
Chapter 15: The Spy
Her power concerned the dead
and so it was in the graveyards
that she spent most of her
time.  Alone with those who had passed on.

	Silently Major General Xerxes and the Puntemask spy sat across from one another.  The spy appeared to be in his twenties, he wore a black frock coat (which apparently was their symbol for a spy), and his left eye seemed to have been damaged for he had some sort of patch upon it that had a green lens in the middle, not clear enough though for the Major General to see through it to the eye.  This spy seemed to be uninterested in the bearings of the room as he rested his chin upon his gloved hand.
	“You wanted to see me?”  Major General Xerxes finally asked, annoyance dripping in his voice at having to make the first move after being asked to come to this spy.
	“Yes, that is quite right.”  Replied the spy nonchalantly, then he leaned back upon his chair and rested his boots upon the table before himself, “thou must understand,” continued the spy, “that we desire peace.  We are not desirous for any further continuance of this pointless conflict.”
	“Then why don’t you surrender and end this battle that you’ve started?”  Asked Major General Xerxes as he tried to understand this man.
	“’tisn’t quite so simple.”  The spy said as he lowered his feet and leaned forward, looking straight into the Major Generals eyes with his one eye and his eye patch.  “First off, we desire to have liberty, if we were to surrender to thou and thine forces we would be imprisoned.  Secondly, you assume that we’re in control of this conflict, that we struck first.  That assumption is faulty, we are defending ourselves from the onslaught that was brought upon us.  I realize that you probably don’t believe that which I say, and nothing that I can say can or will change your mind on this issue.  As such, I would instead like to invite you to look upon some dates in the Puntemask Library and in the Library of the Scholars, for both keep meticulous historical records.”
	“And what dates are they that you want me to see?”  Asked the Major General.
	“Ah, they are too many for one of thine intelligence to recall correctly.”  The spy replied as he removed from his coat a piece of parchment, a quill pen, and a bottle of ink, and he back to write as he explained saying “I’ll jot down the dates so that you may recall them correctly at a more opportune time to investigate the matter.”  After finishing the notes, he passed the parchment on to the Major General, and further commented “Also, beware, if this fight continues much longer dire circumstances may occur.”
	“Is that so?”  Asked Major General Xerxes, “and what are these dire circumstances that will be created? Will it be your full strength? What can your full strength do against us?  I’ll tell you, it can do nothing.  Your power is empty, not my intelligence.”
	“We shall see Major General, for though I have great respect for thine intelligence, if thou doth not choose caution, thine wisdom will surely sour before thee, and then thou shalt have no recourse when the future doth come.  Now then, I have delivered my message unto you, as such I have nothing more to do here and so I shall take my leave.”  As the spy remarked this he rose and made to leave the chambers.  Major General Xerxes signaled to four of his subordinates to guide the spy out.  He would let him depart as this spy had proven to be a true messenger who acted with honor, unlike that of the assassins whom they had sent.
	As the spy was about to leave through the door, he looked back and made on final remark, “Make sure that you seek out those dates.”  And then he left.
 
Chapter 16: Conspiracy of Light
The Elder brother and his
sister did not walk together,
and through life they grew distant,
and the Scientist found this to be ill.

	An atmosphere of fear and expectancy surrounded the table at which sat Jack, Martin, Elizabeth, and Zacharius.  They had been discussing Jack’s preposition of how they could retrieve all of the stolen mechs back from the thieves that had taken them.  This preposition was being carefully considered from every angle, for if they misjudged anything in the slightest it would make their mission all the more difficult to achieve.  And so they conspired like a den of hungry wolves ready to take back what was rightfully theirs.
	“And again,” Elizabeth began to ask, “are you sure that the locations on these maps are correct?”
	“Yes.”  Jack replied in somewhat of a short temper from all of the questions that Elizabeth had been asking.
	“And again, the only way to get there is through the sewers?”
	“Yes!  They’re a blasted thieves’ guild!  They find the sewers to be the best place to hide!  Or is that too much for you to take in?”
	“No, it’s just that it’s filthy down there, and to think of my poor mech being surrounded by such filth.  I swear, if those swine have allowed a smidgen of sludge to be smeared upon my darling mech, I shall make them all rue the day that those fiends stole that which I value.”
	Slowly a light chuckle escaped from Zacharius.  Everyone began to quizzically look at the aged Puntemask in confusion, and finally Elizabeth coldly asked “Doth thou thinkest that this ordeal of ours is humorous?  Doth thou not care one wit about our mechs?”
	“No, no.”  Zacharius began to reply, laughing even harder now than before.  “’tis only that I have now realized something that I find to be quite amusing.”
	“And what doth that be?”  Martin then asked.
	“’Twould be that out of all of us, Jack is the most level headed one, although not the brightest, amongst us. I say this for us here.”  At this point Zacharius signalled to the three Puntemasks at the table, “We all have something that sets us off.  For Martin, ‘tis questioning his intellect.  For me, ‘tis having my research stolen.  The only one who doth consistently remain stable would be Jack.  ‘Tis for that reason which I laugh, a common thief has a better capacity to keep his wits about him than that of the trained Puntemasks.”
	“Thanks?”  Jack finally said, still not really sure of what happened to make Zacharius laugh.
	“Let us return to the task at hand,” Martin began, seeing a need to refocus, “what are their forces approximated to be within their fortress?”
	“From the information that we have been able to gather, they have ten men at each gate, three or four groups of five should patrol the halls, after that we have no information.”
	“Well then, at least fifty men block our passage at the start, and an unknown variable of men after that.  And our forces are just us four.”
	“Not so.”  Said another voice as a young female thief entered, somewhat limping, followed by another four thieves.  “Jack, we’re also going with you.”
	In shock at this new and unexpected arrival, those at the table stood up.  Then, in a quieter voice so that only those at the table could hear what was said, Martin asked “Jack, who be these newcomers?”
	“They are some friends of mine.”  Jack replied, “I told Alice not to come, yet it appears that she did any ways.’
	“Do you truly think that I will let you have all the fun, even if my leg is injured?”  The female, Alice, asked.
	“I guess you just can’t stay down.”  Jack replied,
	“So we only have nine people,” Zacharius began, “and one of whom is somewhat crippled, and we shall storm the enemy fortress, our chances of success are low, and we have no backup plan.  This is sounding more and more enjoyable by the minute, would it be possible to add something of certain doom into the mix as well?  I feel as if that would be the completion for this our quest that we need.”
	“Aye Zacharius, however do not forget that we have Martin on our side, whose planning can aid us more than twenty men could.”  Elizabeth commented as she took a disapproving Martin’s arm.
	“I think that I’d rather have the twenty men.”  Commented Alice as she and her men sat at the table, carefully eyeing Elizabeth to see how she’d react.
	However Martin spoke next, commenting “not so fair thief, for in an operation such as the one in which we are undertaking, it is desirable to have either a small yet powerful force or a grand army, and as seeing that we do not have the latter, the former is preferable.  However, a midsized army would not have the advantages of either options and would have the disadvantages of the two.  For they would not be able to use stealth because of their size, nor would they have the strength needed for a full on invasion.  Rather, since we have smaller forces, we shall use it to its fullest advantage.  And thus we need wit over brute force.”
	For a moment everyone paused, Jack was trying to understand that which Martin was saying, Elizabeth and Alice were both considering the best course of action, the four thieves were lost at this verbal onslaught, and Zacharius was eagerly awaiting the next move in this verbal chess match.
	“Well then, what do you plan on doing?”  Alice finally asked.
	“Verily, I am glad that thou hast ventured forth with thine query.”  Martin responded as he then proceeded forth to explain the plan that he had formed based upon the information that Jack had provided them with.
	Slowly the seconds passed by and accumulated into minutes, and then multiplied into hours, and before long night fell upon them and thus their meeting came to a close as they all agreed to meet again the following night in order to raid the thieves’ den. 
Chapter 17:  Ghost in the shell
This third child
was of war,
he had great power
in all such affairs.

	“Well, they really ought to clean up a bit.  ‘tis filthy down here.  Mayhap a pigsty would be more sanitary than this foul place.”  Elizabeth stated as they entered the Blood Rats den.  The foul aroma permeating the air caused great discomfort upon the three Puntemasks therein, yet the four thieves were unaffected by the smell as they were already accustomed to it.
	Entering the thieves’ den had proven to be fairly easy for them.  They had just finished taking out the guards at the entrance and now had entered into the foul den.  Slowly they made their way further down into the depths as the stench surrounded them like a grim foretelling of things to come.
	“You know,” Alice began, seeing Elizabeth’s obvious discomfort with the aroma and their foul surroundings, “you could just wait in your library for us to go and fetch your silly toys, and then play with them when we get back.”
	“These are not silly toys wench, and that which thou hast offered would include forsaking these the children of my mind.  Nay, I will not fall to thine suggestion. ‘Twould rather be more honorable to let myself perish than to allow thee and thine kind to rescue that which was dishonorably taken from me.”
	“Yet verily Elizabeth, how effectively shalt thou be able to fight with this nauseating smell permeating the air in which we walk?”  Martin asked, “Would it not be more effective to permit these who are trained in stealth to go forth without thou placing thine own life in peril?”
	“All of you, be quiet.”  Jack commanded as he leaned at a turn in the sewers.  “This mission of ours would be much more effective without idle chatter going on.  So, as Martin once told me, ‘shut thine mouths.’”
	This comment garnered more noise than silence as Alice and Zacharius began to laugh, and Martin shot Jack an icy glare at having his own words repeated at him.  However Jack did not find their laughter amusing as a scowl crossed his face showing the annoyance that he felt.
	Once he could stop laughing, Zacharius commented that “That lad is probably correct, and we ought to refrain from unnecessary chatter as it will only destroy the stealth that we need to be able to go forth here with any form of advantage in this our operation.”
	Silently Jack guided them forth, creeping around unnumbered corridors and tunnels.  A few times he stopped them at a turn as a pair of guards went down the hall, one muttered to the other “this extra security that Rezin has ordered seems useless to me.”
	“Yup,” the other guard replied, “after all, it’s not like the Puntemasks are going to be coming down here anyways, they wouldn’t even know where to begin searching.  I’d bet that Rezin is just paranoid about this whole operation.  But on the other hand, those machines are fun to work with.”
	“That’s true, I was going on one and I couldn’t figure out how to turn, so many blasted levers and wheels.  Anyways, it crashed into the wall and got a large dent, it was so entertaining!”
	“Perhaps we should just kidnap one of the Puntemasks and have him make the machines for us.”  At this comment they both laughed as the other guard replied that it would be fun. 
	If she hadn’t been held back, Elizabeth would have stormed out there to hurt the two guards for thus speaking of the mechs. However, she was restrained by Martin and Zacharias, and thus could not go forth to inflict her will upon the guards.
	“Martin, we should capture those two,” Jack began to comment, “they’re alone and we can get the information from them.”
	“Jack, thou art in command of this operation, and thus if thou doth desire to capture them, thou hast my permission.  However, I have but one question, how is it that we shall conquer these our adversaries?”  Martin replied.
	“I, Alice, and the other four thieves, we’ll sneak out and ambush the two guards.”  Jack answered.
	“Very well, go.”  Said Martin.
	Silent like shadows the thieves went out towards the two unwitting guards as they wandered unwarily down the hall.
	Anxiously the three Puntemasks watched from around a corner as the thieves trailed the two guards, making as much noise as a phantom in the night. Two of the thieves slit the throat of one of the guards, and Alice and Jack took the other one hostage, whispering something to him that the Puntemasks could not hear.
	Silently the guard permitted one of the thieves to take away his weapons, and then they guided him down the sewer way to where the Puntemasks were waiting.  The guard was a young man with a small beard growing upon him, he was of average height, and wore the ragged clothes of one who hasn’t seen the light of day in some time.
	He sat down, with Jack’s dagger still firmly pressed against his neck, and asked what it was that they wanted to know.
	“We are desirous to know how it is that we might be able to find the location of the mechs that thou and thine guild hath stolen from us.”  Martin answered the guard, who looked around confused.
	“We want to know where you are keeping the machines.”  Jack replied to the guard’s unspoken question.
	“And what do I get out of it if I answer your question?”  The guard asked, his eyes still wandering about the sewer system that they were in.
	“You will get your life.”  Alice answered, “I would assume that that is what you hold most dear.”
	“Yet the only protection that I have right now for my life is that I have the answer that you want.”
	“However, if thou doth not relinquish said information, thine life would be of no use to us.”  Martin replied. “And then ‘twould be easier to dispose of thee than to keep thee lingering alive.”
	“But what would keep you from killing me once I answer you?  You wouldn’t just let me go as I would warn my comrades, and you wouldn’t take me along with you as I wouldn’t cooperate with that.”
	“I promise, as the son of Strum the Thief Lord, that we won’t kill you if you cooperate with us.”
	“You are his son?”  The guard asked, now watching Jack, “Well then, let me know how it is that you intend to keep your promise.”
	To this question, Martin spoke up as he took out a vial, asking “doth thou know what the substance called aether is?” 
	“I have no idea.”  The guard replied. 
	“Aether is a substance that we, the Puntemasks, have been researching for a long time, ‘tis an amazing item that still we still do not fully understand.  However, we know that it is in trace amounts in just about everything that exists.  We have also discovered that it can attract any substance, down even to light, if worked into the right condition.  It can also keep any substance in the same state once it is connected to it.
	“As such, I could apply this aether to a chain that is wrapped around thine wrists and one of the bars that is down here with us.  The aether would keep the chain from breaking, and slowly is will dissipate.  Once it has fully dissipated, the chain that will be wrapped around thine wrists will be easy to break apart.  However, know that if thou doth lie to us, we shall find thee and kill thee.  The chain shall not break apart for at least a day’s length.”
	“Very well, I’ll answer your questions.  What do you want to know first?”
	“Tell us how we can find the machines.”  Jack demanded.
	“Alright, you need to follow the corridor that I was in, heading right.”  The guard began to explain as the friends payed close attention to every word that was spoken.  Eager to know of everything that is held within the thieves’ guild. 
Chapter 18:  Preparations
The Scientist turned
father sought to teach
this new son to be mild tempered,
to be like his daughter, and not haughty 
like the first born.

		“From here your highness will be able to give forth your proclamation to the people.”  Dracon stated to the king as they walked atop a stage rapidly constructed by Dracon’s sources.  Dracon began to ramble on a bit, explaining about different virtues in the amphitheater that they were standing upon, however the king stopped listening.
	Rather he began to look upon the impressive structure itself.  It was large and elegant in its design.  Rows of benches went out under a canopy, already the king could imagine the throngs coming to hear his speech.  After a moment he realized that Dracon had stopped speaking and was instead waiting patiently for the king to finish his current process of thoughts.
	“Dracon,” the king began after a moment, “would the workers that you have contracted be able to build another bench and put it up here on the stage before the fifteen days to my speech?”
	“Yes your sire, they are able to do that if that is your wish.”  Dracon replied, noting it down onto a piece of parchment that he had with him, “Might I be able to ask why this is desired so as to have this new bench be able to complete its function correctly?”
	“I am thinking that it would be nice to be able to have some of the peasants up here with those of nobility.” The King replied, “This would be done to better unite our country, so that as I give my speech the peasants can see that some of them are sitting with the royalty.  That we are attempting to make a change and so they can stop having these riots occur.”
	“I shall see it done.”  Replied Dracon with a small bow.
	Next the King began to give parts of his speech to verify that his voice was able to carry throughout the amphitheater.  As the King spoke, Dracon noticed Fredrick, who was wearing the hat that Dracon had given him.  Fredrick eagerly waved at Dracon and Dracon gave a small wave back acknowledging Fredrick.  Dracon had gone back to the widow and aided her in fixing her house, repairing the fence and various other items, as well as aiding her in preparing and planting a small garden so that she can save a little more of her hard earned money.
	After a few moments of adjusting how he spoke, he neither spoke too loud, so as to not hurt his throat, nor too softly, so as to be heard everywhere within the room, yet rather at a volume that filled the area adequately.
	“I fill as if I’m making a fool of myself,” said the king after finishing his work, “speaking to a crowd that doesn’t exist in an empty theater.”
	“Your majesty, you make a most excellent fool speaking to ghosts, and as I said before, it would be perhaps better if you didn’t go through all of this verification and rather let me judge it all.”  Dracon stated.
	“Ah yes, perhaps it would, and with less important items I would have let you be the soul judge of it.  However, this is important. I want it to be exactly how I picture it being.”  The King replied as they went down the wooden staircase leading off of the stage.
	Next the king verified that the view of the stage was adequate from the various benches that were placed out.  “You have outdone yourself with this. “  Said the King, “Having the benches rise as you go back is quite nice, it’s different than how I thought that you would do it.”
	“Your majesty, the idea was borrowed from the Puntemasks, they have changed their theaters to having the seats rise the further back they go instead of having the stage tilted, as has been our custom.  This, I am informed, makes movement on the stage easier, as I am sure that you noticed, as you are neither ascending nor descending on the stage, yet rather walk on level ground.  Furthermore, it allows for the crowd to better see you as they are ascending and thus can more easily see over the heads of those who are in front of them.”
	“Again, I must congratulate you on your ingenuity with this.”  The King said, then after a moment of thought added “We should add another bench up on the stage for the Puntemasks.”
	“Yes your majesty.”  Said Dracon as he began to write down this new item that needed to be accomplished.  “Is there anything else that your majesty would wish to have done?”
	“No, that would be all for now.”  Replied the King.  “I have some work that I need to attend to, as such I shall leave the additions that I have requested in your capable hands, and based off of what I have seen today I will leave you in charge of judging the additions.  And we shall, with the aid of the other counsellors, find those that would be best to invite to be with us on the stage, and if you know of anyone in particular whom it would be good to invite, I leave you to do it.”
  “As you wish, your majesty.”  Dracon said, bowing as the king left.
	The King then went back to the castle to deal with the various affairs of the kingdom that had arisen and needed to be dealt with.  And Dracon, he went to find the widow and her son, and once he found them he invited them to come to the announcement and sit atop of the stage near where the king was to be giving his speech.  This invitation they gratefully accepted. 

Chapter 19:  Escape
Soon a fourth child was
born, and he had abilities
with the mind.  The Scientist
attempted to raise his family in peace.

		Many thieves guarded the mechs that the party was searching for.  Making sure that no one without permission came near them.  Many guards wandered about, searching for anything suspicious that might come along.  Rezin had ordered that they guard these mechs from all intruders as they were needed for a “special” task.
	Several of the guards grumbled in low voices to those they trusted that with this new task they were unable to go about freely as they once did.  And others eyed the slackers, wondering what sort of reward they would be able to receive should they turn them in for their insolence.
	Jack saw all this, and overheard several of these conversations as he snuck about the edges of the sewer line they were in.  He hid from the expert eyes of his opponents, knowing that any mistake could prove fatal, like a mouse crossing a house full of cats that were just waiting for something to snatch at.
	When they had found this cavern, Martin explained that the three Puntemasks needed to enter into the mechs to be truly useful.  As such they would need a distraction in order to buy time for them to get to the mechs.
	This is where Jack had commented that he, Alice, and the other four thieves, could sneak past the guards, cause a panic on the other side, allowing the three Puntemasks to get to their mechs.
	The mechs themselves were all stationed haphazardly in the large room, making it quite obvious that the thieves had a blatant lack of understanding in how to use these machines.  Elizabeth was furious at how they had dented her mech, and Zacharius and Martin weren’t too happy either at how theirs were not in the best condition either.  And while they wanted to save all of the mechs, they knew that they could only take theirs as they would only have one chance to take them, and no time to load any up.
	Jack and Alice, along with the four thieves, managed to get to the other side unnoticed.  Quickly they began to place many smoke bombs down, along with many items that would make a loud noise once they went off.  After all of the items were placed, they lit the fuses and snuck away, creeping like shadows in the night.
	Thirty seconds later in that corner of the room smoke began to arise as bangs erupted.  All of the guards’ attention turned to what was happening as many ran to see what they could do to stop it.  As no one was watching where the Puntemasks were, they snuck out towards their mechs.
	The clamor died down as the smoke dissipated and the guards could see that this had only been a clever rouge to distract them.  As they turned back, Jack, Alice, and the four thieves jumped out and commenced their ambush.
	With this new threat the guards rushed to capture the six thieves who had started the attack, completely unaware of Martin, Elizabeth, and Zacharius.  Those three managed to make it to the mechs and began flipping levers to activate them.  As this happened the mechs began to rumble as the steam ran through their bodies and activated them.
	Because of this new noise that arose, several of the guards turned to see the Puntemasks within their contraptions.  Many gave way to fear and rushed out of the room as Zacharius began to march towards them with his four legged mech.  Elizabeth began to move her mech towards the throng as well.  However she did it at a slower rate as her mech was much like a line that could bend in the middle, and so she would shoot the left side forward, then the right side, and then make the middle move forward passing both of the sides, and then it would repeat.  She had chosen that design as an intellectual endeavor, using parts to slide in and out as the middle moved forward between the two sides.
	However Martin was proving to have a bit of trouble with his.  Those that had stolen it had damaged a part within it and so it was malfunctioning.  He would try to have the base move, and it would not respond in any way, no matter what levers and valves he pushed and turned.  His mech was built to have a base that could drive about, and higher up on the round base he had two limbs that he could use, both to move items and to attack other mechs.  However, with the base not moving, he was stuck.
	As Zacharius and Elizabeth moved towards the guards, Martin was forced to try and fix his mech.  Many of the guards realized that this would be an opportune moment to take out one of the Puntemasks before he could start using his mech.
	As the six thieves were heavily outnumbered, and had lost the advantage of surprise, they began to fall back, but quickly found themselves to be surrounded by twenty odd guards.  One of the guards struck towards Alice, who went to dodge the blow, however as she lifted up her right leg she put her weight upon her left one, and quickly collapsed as the wound that had previously been inflicted upon it made the leg not suitable for quick actions.  However falling down did indeed let her escape the sword that the guard had thrusted at where she would have been had she not fallen.
	Jack struck at several of the guards, barely holding his own ground, and quite grateful that he had trained in using two daggers and not just one.  The other thieves faired decently as well.  However they all could see that by themselves they would fall.
	 A guard struck at Jack’s vulnerable side, and was grinning as Jack turned in horror, realizing that he would not be able to move quick enough to block that blow.  Suddenly a metal foot slammed down on top of the guard.  “Curse you all for stealing my mech you plagued thieves!”  Zacharius shouted down from where he stood on his mech, moving the levers and valves to deftly move his legs and smash as many of the guards as he could like one would with ants.
	Not far behind him came Elizabeth in her mech, using it to ram into the middle of the fight where Jack and Alice stood.  At seeing Alice’s wounded position she moved her mech between Alice and the guards.  While her mech was not great at fighting, it could certainly defend.
	Martin found himself to be in a bit of trouble, for the steam capsule in his mech had broken, and now all the steam was gone.  He would need to take one from one of the mechs near him.  Quickly he slid the capsule out and went to another mech to withdraw a functioning one.  However as he went back towards his mech, several guards surrounded him and told him to surrender.
	Many thoughts ran through his head as to what would work best at defeating them.  He knew that physically he was no match for them, and he didn’t have any real weapons with him as he knew that he was no good with a sword.
	The guards aimed their swords at him, preparing to strike at one wrong move, and then he had an idea.  He prepared to jump away, which the guards noticed, they struck towards him. Quickly he took out a vile of aether and threw it onto one of the swords.  The aether was quickly absorbed into the sword, and suddenly that sword hit the other swords near it, attaching with great force to them.  Martin dropped down as the swords from the guards behind him flew to the group of swords effected by the aether.
	As the guards stood in shock, now weaponless, Martin ran back to his mech, placed the steam capsule in its place, and quickly climbed up onto his mech.  By now the guards had stopped trying to separate their weapons, and rather ran to climb up Martin’s mech.  Martin swung the now functioning arms at them, knocking over a few of them.
	By now Jack, Alice, and the thieves had climbed onto Elizabeth’s and Zhacharius’ mechs, and were heading towards Martin.
	Martin yelled for them to find a way out with the mechs, as the sewers they had travelled through would be too small for the mechs.  And so they began to search around the room as the now impotent guards fled the halls.
	Before long, they found a ramp that led to an alley way above ground, with little effort they broke their way out and came back into the light of day.

 

Chapter 20: The fall of Dustiornect
However, peace was not to
be had.  The first child 
wanted power, and so he
began to gain favor with his siblings.

	Lieutenant Colonel Grant slid across Dustiornect’s wall, going unnoticed by all.  He had been shown a map of the castle by General Falcon, and he memorized this map so as to know every twist and turn within the walls of Dustiornect.  
	The sound of footsteps began to sound forth coming towards him.  Silently he slid into an alcove within the wall as the Puntemask making the noise came around a corner.  There were two Puntemasks talking as they walked.  One of them looked at the alcove, yet he didn’t seem to notice Lieutenant Colonel Grant, much like one will fail to notice a bird hidden within a tree.
	“-alas these days much conspiracy has been brought forth.”  One of them commented, “Mayhap it is time that we secede from this kingdom of Crowthania, for they have abandoned us.”
	The other Puntemask made a remark in agreement with that of the first Puntemask as they passed the point where stood Lieutenant Colonel Grant.  After they passed he let out a breath and continued on his way.
	Lieutenant Colonel Grant had always found that people didn’t noticed him very much normally, and when he was hiding even less so.  Brigadier General Warsaw however was one man who had noticed him, mostly because of the records kept from Grant’s training days where he had excelled in most areas, especially that of stealth.  However even still, when in a room with others, Brigadier General Warsaw would often fail to notice him.
	Quickly he went in the direction that the Puntemasks had come from, and as the map that General Falcon has shown, he was at a staircase that would climb to the top of the wall where stood the ballista.  This part would be more difficult than the others, as on the staircase there would be no alcoves to hide within.  He would be as a mouse running across an open room with unsuspecting cats about. 
	Silently he climbed the staircase, noting that just as Falcon had stated every forth than fifth step, alternating which one, was slightly taller than that of the others.  If an invader did not know that it would make climbing the tower a more difficult feat, and fleeing it would only cause you to trip.  As such this knowledge was invaluable to Lieutenant Colonel Grant in climbing the tower efficiently without needless falling.
	Fortune was with him, for no one was upon the staircase during his climb.  The cats had all been busy with other projects and so this mouse was able to pass by unnoticed.  And now the final obstacle before the ballista was here.  He went over what he would need to do upon passing through this final door at the top of the stairs.  From what they had seen there was always two to three Puntemasks at the top of the tower, he would have to slay them quickly and place a bomb under the ballista, light it, and try to escape.  That was going to be the hardest part of his task.
	He paused for a moment before opening the door, so as to collect his thoughts and prepare for the fight.  Once he opened the door there would be no going back.  He took out his short sword, threw the door open, and rushed in.  Before the Puntemasks had time to realize what was happening one of the four in the room was dead.  They drew, and another fell dead.  The third was prepared and blocked Grants attack, the fourth attempted to strike at Grant.  Grant slid and dodged the blow, using the momentum of sliding to dance around the ballista.  A bomb was slid under it and was lit.  Five. The two Puntemasks came on either side of him.  Four.  He jumped back to the edge of the tower.  Three.  They came forward towards him.  Two.  He jumped on top the ramparts.  One.  The two Puntemasks prepared to strike.  Zero.
	The bomb exploded.
?????
	Major General Xerxes saw the explosion of the ballista.  It was clear that they now needed to move while the enemy was still in confusion.  At his command everyone quickly went forth.  The siege engines were being brought towards the walls, and the trebuchets began to fire as they came within range.  Xerxes ordered a battering ram to be taken to the forefront where the gates stood, and before long they were banging upon the door.
	The walls began to tumble as the stones shot forth from the trebuchets.  And the Puntemasks scurried like ants upon a recently destroyed anthill, confused as to how it happened so quickly and desperate to rebuild something of use.  Next the door burst open and the flood of Warmen surged forth.  Destruction following their every turn.
	What had kept the Puntemasks alive until that point was their ingenuity and the walls great protection.  However now that the walls no longer were of use and their ingenuity was drained, the Warmen would have no problem in ending the Puntemasks.
	Major General Xerxes, Brigadier General Warsaw, and General Falcon all went towards the tower in which Lieutenant Colonel Grant was fighting.  He no doubt would be in the most trouble, for though he was a very skilled fighter, he was no Warman.  And thus he was not impervious to normal attacks.
	Four Puntemasks saw them, and began to work some sort of contraption.  Before Major General Xerxes fully realized it he had shot four arrows with his bow, and each hit its mark.  The four Puntemasks were killed, however not before they finished what they had been working on.  Spikes began to rise, and arrows shot forth.  Brigadier General Warsaw gasped at this, and Major General Xerxes understood the reason.  While a slashing attack was of no use against a Warman, piercing had a different effect.  Most people didn’t know that, yet apparently the Puntemasks did.
	“Warsaw, how many barriers can you erect at one time?”  Major General Xerxes asked,
	“One, if I try to make another one at the same time I often lose consciousness and both go away.”
	“How long does it usually take for you to lose consciousness?”
	“Half a minute or so.”
	“Do it when I tell you to.  General Falcon, stay with Brigadier General Warsaw and protect him while he is unconscious.”
	“You can’t mean that you’re going to cross the entire hallway by yourself and then rescue Lieutenant Colonel Grant.”  Brigadier General Warsaw protested, however Major General Xerxes refused his protests, and so the plan was set.
	Major General Xerxes charged and yelled for him to make the barriers, two appeared, one upon the floor and the other at the far end of the hall. The spike from the bottom of the floor found themselves stuck, and the bolts hit the invisible wall and would fall to the ground.  Quickly Xerxes ran across the barrier, he had no time to lose.  He was unsure of how much time had passed him by, however he knew he didn’t have much left, the door was about five yards away.  The barriers dissipated and spike began to rise from the ground again and bolts no longer had an invisible barrier to hit.
	He slid around a spike as he shot four arrows hitting four bolts that were coming towards him, however one still came and lodged itself in his forearm, missing valuable parts yet still causing pain.  Gratefully the gap was closed and he flew into a corridor, avoiding any more of the death trap that was set up.
	Quickly he would dispatch all that came in his way, and before long he came to the staircase that would take him to Lieutenant Colonel Grant.  Racing up he counted four steps, then the large step, then five steps and then the large step.  However as he counted the next time for four, he missed one and hit the large step where he was not expecting it, making him fall back down several steps on the spiral staircase.  And as he rose he placed a foot on what was a lower step, however nothing was there to support him and he fell down again, reaching the bottom of the tower.
	Now, all banged up, he began to climb the tower once more.  This time making sure to count each and every step as he went.  He rose up the tower, this time without falling.  Before long he came upon a group of Puntemasks seeking entrance to the top of the tower.  There were about twenty, and due to the staircase being spiral he would have to be in close range and thus could not use his bow.  He drew his sword, shouted and struck at the first Puntemask he came to, who was only turning his head when in horror he saw that he was about to die.
	He fought his way up to the door.  He had to rescue Grant before he was defeated.  The Puntemasks began to attempt to attack Major General Xerxes, however their attacks had no effect on him.  He was a Warman and would not be defeated so easily.
	He slashed his way up to the top of the tower.  Quickly he went into where the ballista had once been, quickly he searched for Lieutenant Colonel Grant, yet he did not seem him anywhere.
	The ballista laid in ruins, parts of it had caught fire due to the explosion that had occurred.  Two of the Puntemasks soldiers laid dead upon the ground.  Looking over the ramparts, he saw upon the ground a burnt body.  Major General Xerxes then understood that Lieutenant Colonel Grant had been unable to make a proper escape and thus had been caught in the blast.
	More Puntemasks began to come, and in his anger Xerxes showed them no mercy as he sliced them apart.  In anguish he screamed at all of his assailants.  Shortly it was over.
	Dustiornect had been taken back by the Warmen, but at the cost of his comrade. There was just a few more details that needed to be completed.
?????
	“General Apollyon,” Major General Xerxes said as he greeted the man, now held prisoner and kept in a separate area than that of his men, “you are to be taken back to the capital city of Crowthania and answer for your crimes there.”
	“My crimes?”  General Apollyon asked as he calmly sat in his cell, he had been beaten by the Warmen during the fight as he did not go down willingly, and now the bruises were showing upon him.  “All that I did was protect the homes that were being stolen by thine people after the government refused to hear our redresses.  And ‘twas not just once that we sent them, but time and time again.  Trust me, I feel no guilt, for that which I did was to protect that which is rightfully ours.”
 
Chapter 21:  Consequences
The daughter did not fall
for his cunning though,
and kept aloof from all that
he would try to do.

	Rezin shifted nervously as he waited with Barthallamew.  His day had gone from bad, to ill, to worse quickly.  First some thieves had stolen what he had worked so hard to steal away originally, only to have many of his top thieves die during the assault, and then finally to receive a summoning from the hooded man.  He grit his teeth, he decided that he would try and end the contract with this man that only brought trouble and ruin with him.
	“You look pale.”  The man said, suddenly appearing, from where Rezin could not say.  “What cause have you to be so concerned?”
	“Nothing that is relevant to you.” Rezin replied.  “Now what is it that you wanted to speak with me about?”
	“Hasty, so hasty.”  The man replied, no doubt studying them from beneath his hood as he leaned against a wall.  “I need to know, that agreement, I would like to extend upon it for another few days.”
	“That would be impossible.”  Rezin replied.  “We have our own things to deal with still.  And that aid you gave us, well it backfired.”
	“What do you mean that it backfired?” The man said with contempt.
	“The Puntemasks didn’t take to kindly with you showing us how to steal their contraptions.  They came for them, and killed several of my best men while they were at it.  We are ending this arrangement.”
	“First, did you finish the task that those were needed for?”
	“Yes, but is that relevant?”
	“Next, did you really care much about those men?”
	“They were like family to me!”  Rezin almost yelled in shock at this man’s callous nature.  “How could I not care for them?”
	“And lastly, how do you plan on ending this arrangement?”
	“We will stop coming to your summoning and you won’t do anything for or against us.  And we won’t help or hurt you with what you’re doing.”
	“Interesting.”  The man said, and after a moment he continued “I’m truly sorry about the loss of your men, I did not foresee this happening, and however there is no use crying over spilt milk, or spilt blood as the case may be.  And the mechs being stolen was your fault, I told you to properly protect them.  And lastly, you cannot end our arrangements.”
	“What do you mean that I can’t end them?”
	“Simply that you have a choice, die, or continue with our arrangements.  I would suggest the latter over the first, but the choice is yours.”
	“There is a third choice.”  Rezin remarked as he felt his dagger slide from his sleeve into his hand.  “You can die!”  He shouted as he charged at the hooded man.
	Like lightning the man sidestepped and pivoted his stance so as to be facing the side of Rezin.  He grabbed Rezin’s wrist with his right hand and his elbow with his left.  Then he twisted forward, making Rezin go into an uncomfortable position.  Next He flipped the hand over the elbow, making Rezin fall onto his back, then through a twist of the arm Rezin was upside down.  The man applied a little bit of pressure onto the top of Rezin’s hand, making it involuntarily open, releasing the dagger which it held.  The man grabbed the dagger and flipped Rezin over.
	“You are not worthy of a quick and painless death, yours will last for quite some time as you bleed out and see your companions leave you for dead.” The man said this as he slowly took off his right glove.
	Rezin was in shock as this happened, barely comprehending what had happened.  He then felt dripping on him as his dagger turned into blood and fell upon him.  Next he felt the press of the man’s hand against his chest, and then an agonizing burning sensation as his flesh was turned into blood.  He screamed as loud as he could, and Barthallamew took a few steps back from all of this, shocked as to what was happening.
	Slowly the man arose off of Rezin, cleaned his bloodstained hand, and placed his glove back onto his hand.  Then he turned to face Barthallamew, who was looking about for some way to flee.  “Don’t run, watch him die.  And warn whoever is the next leader of your group not to back out of our arrangement, or else he will share the same fate as your former leader.  Do you understand?”
	Barthallamew nodded that he did, and so the hooded man turned and left the alley way.
 
Chapter 22:  Garish News
The first child began to realize,
no matter how hard he tried
that there would always be
equals to him, and so he began to plot.

	Cheers arose from the crowd of Puntemasks that had managed to retrieve their mechs from the foul clutches of the Blood Rats thieves’ guild.  After Jack and his group had retrieved their mechs and opened up the way out, many more Puntemasks, along with the aid of the law, retrieved theirs.  Now a celebration was being held within the Puntemask Library’s lower floors, and Jack and Alice were heralded as heroes for their deeds in rescuing the mechs.
	“With all this uproar over some silly contraptions you would think that we just saved the world.”  Alice whispered to Jack as they stood on top of a table, holding the drinks that they had been given.
	“Quiet, we don’t want to offend them.”  Jack replied.
	“Oh silly, they can’t hear us.”  Alice retorted, and she was correct for Jack himself could barely hear Alice over the uproar that the Puntemasks were making.  And to further prove her point she rose her glass and gave a cheer herself which was followed by many more cheers.
	“It’s a shame Elizabeth and Martin aren’t here.”  Alice commented to Jack.
	“Yeah, however I don’t think I could see Martin or Elizabeth at a party, even a Puntemask one.”  Jack replied, “Could you imagine them ‘shut thine mouths! All of you, every which one that thine kindred doth possess.’  No, he would certainly not do well in this sort of setting.”
	Alice laughed at his impersonation of Martin, and agreed with him, even attempting her own impersonation of Elizabeth.  This caused Jack to laugh a bit at her accuracy in representing Elizabeth.
	In flowed more Puntemasks, and one of them signaled to the two on the table.  And so they went to speak with the red coated man who seemed to desire to speak with them.  As they went to the man, they noticed that Martin and Elizabeth were in tow, and the memory of the recent impersonations caused the two impersonators to feel a little squeamish at meeting again with those whom they had just impersonated.
	“Come with use for a moment.”  The red coated Puntemask said as he led them to a quieter section of the library.
	After entering a private room and closing the door, the outside noise was not as great of a distraction.
	“Jack and Alice, we owe thee a debt.”  The red coated man, who Martin had just introduced as General Eccles, began.  “On behalf of the Puntemasks, if ever there comes a time in which we may grace thee with aid, we shall be there as quick as lightning doth strike.”
	Amazed at this offer, the two thieves both froze for a moment, neither sure of what to say.  However, as Elizabeth would be sure to make some sort of snide remark, Jack replied back, saying, “Thank you, General Eccles, for your offer.  I’ll pass it on to my father.  That way if we ever need your help he’ll know that you’re offering it.  Thanks again General Eccles, Martin, Elizabeth.”
	General Eccles then left and the other four began to talk on other matters, about how each of them came to know each other.
	“We became acquaintances at a young age,” Martin said in reference to Jack, “verily I found him attempting to steal an old tomb from off a shelf.  Yet he was not quite tall enough to reach said tomb.  And so I had to take pity on such a poor and incompetent thief.”  At this Alice laughed, nudging Jack who wasn’t quite as amused but was still acknowledging its truthfulness.
	Elizabeth was taken away with the manner that Jack and Alice had met, jack explained that “I found her shivering under a balcony hiding from the rain.  So I had to offer her a place to stay with us.  There’s no way that I would just leave her soaking in the road.”
	Alice then explained “I was there since my house had burned down, and I couldn’t find my parents anywhere.  It’s really sad and twisted how in the rain my house caught fire.  But fortunately this brave man found me and took me in.”  As Alice said this last part she hugged Jack.  Elizabeth, seeing this, tried to grab Martin’s hand, however he quickly took his hand back and began to use it write something down.
	At this Alice hid as much of her laugh as she could, which gained a disapproving glance from Elizabeth who was quite frustrated that Martin kept thwarting her advances.
	Several moments passed before another, brown coated, Puntemask entered the room and explained that they were summoned to come out of their hiding spot and participate in the celebration.  Martin muttered under his breath, saying, “Oh plague this accursed world, must we indeed go forth and participate in such ridiculous celebrations?”  However, he rose from where he sat like a prisoner about to face his execution.
	Outside of their seclusion the celebration had continued and they were preparing to do battles with their mechs, and for this reason Martin had been summoned as the other Puntemasks wanted him to participate in their competition.
	Martin accepted the terms of the competition, as did Elizabeth, and they began to prepare their mechs.  During this part Alice went towards Elizabeth and asked “why isn’t Zacharius here?  Shouldn’t he be one of the main people being celebrated?” 
	“Well, thou must understand, originally Zacharius joined our wee party because of a bet made between him and Martin.  Which bet Martin won.  Now, Zacharius hath fulfilled his part of the bet, as such, he doth not fall under any obligation to be with us henceforth.  Furthermore, he participated in the rescue of the mechs because his own mech was one that was captured.  Thus, he is a free man now and is under no duty to explain unto me where he shall go or do.  And as such, I know not where he is.”  Explained Elizabeth.
	“That’s too bad,” Alice commented as she sat on one of the metal bars of Elizabeth’s mech, “he was really quite funny.  I enjoyed his humor.”
	“Well, that doth not change the matter that he is not with us anymore.”  Elizabeth responded.
	Shortly thereafter the mechs were ready for combat, and the competition began.  
	There were four rings set up with the lower floors of the library, and each one had a battle occurring within it.  
	“Wow!”  Alice exclaimed as she saw the mechs maneuvering around each other, “How do they do that?”
	“I don’t really know.” Jack responded, “However, the first time that I saw these, I was amazed as well.  They’re all really good with these contraptions.”
	“These people are only amateurs.”  Elizabeth replied back. “Not one of them is any decent with the mech of their own making.  Observe, within just a few rounds all of these simpletons will have been weeded out of the competition like the fools that they are. I dare say not one of these current contesters will be left for the rounds following the twelfth.” 
	“’tis true, alas these poor souls know not how to control the works of their hands, and thus they shall fall to those that understand the workings of these contraptions.” Martin added.
	Only a few moments had passed and all of the first rounds were over, a bell rang and the second rounds began.  
	“Martin, when are you both scheduled to fight?”  Jack asked
	“I am in the fourth round ring three.”  Martin Said, Elizabeth then continued on answering Jack’s question by stating “I am in the fifth round ring one.” 
	Both Jack and Alice looked at them, not quite sure what that meant, and so Martin began to explain about the form of the competition. 
	“Each ring has a number of its own, these consist of rings one, two, three, and four.  Each round will see that eight people fight.  Two per ring.  The winners of each ring will be taken to the next grouping.  If a participant has a single loss, than that participant will be terminated. 
	“Due to the amount of contestants participating, there shall be eight rounds to find those that continue.  And every victor shall be grouped with the victor from the same ring, and either four rounds above or below that of which the victor participated.. 
	“Thus, since I am in the fourth round ring three, if it be that I win my round then I shall compete against the winner of the eighth round ring three.  Furthermore, each ring will have a total of seventeen rounds so as to determine the champion of the ring.  Than the champions of the first and second ring shall fight, and the champions of the third and fourth rings shall fight.  The winners of these two rounds shall commence a battle amongst themselves to determine the overall champion of the contest.”
	Due to the way that Martin explained it, both Jack and Alice were still a little confused but refused to admit it, rather deciding that they would just watch the tournament and try to understand from there.
	The friends watched as many battles commenced, and before long Martin began his battle.  Jack and Alice gasped at the quickness that was the battle.  “He can’t do much without one of these contraptions, yet when he gets one he can sure use it.”  Alice whispered to Jack who nodded in agreement.
	“’tis but nothing compared to that which he can do when properly focused.”  Elizabeth proudly said as Martin defeated his opponent.  “I am surprised that it took a full two minutes for him to displace that absurd mech of his rival.” Elizabeth added as she closed her pocket watch and put it back within one of her pockets.
	Many applause erupted for the victor, who returned to his friends.  Several minutes later and it was Elizabeth’s turn to compete within her ring.  This she went to do quite elegantly.
	During her combat another Puntemask came up to Martin and tapped him on the shoulder.
	“George!”  Martin exclaimed, “’twas a nigh long time since last we were united.  Ah, these two are my friends, Jack and Alice.  They have been quite interesting company.  And what has brought thee here to Arabor?  Did not thine family depart for other roads?”
	“Aye, ‘tis true that it has been a long while since our last meeting.  And fare friends, I greet thee.  I have returned to Arabor to study within the Library, for ‘tis the best in all aspects of learning that I wish to pursue.  And I now saw thee as I glanced about this hall, and I saw the fight that fair Elizabeth is doing.  She truly is as exceptional as she is beautiful, but ah, thou doth not care for that, what with the forcedness of thine betrothal and all.  However, ‘tis true that she is fighting most excellently in this her battle.”
	“I do not deny that which thou hast said.”  Martin responded as he watched Elizabeth crush her opponent.  “However, time doth quickly depart from us and the battle has already ceased.  Alas I need go celebrate the conquering heroine.”
	“Go friend, and may chance we shall find yet another opportunity to more fully converse about our passings.”
	“Aye, until we can find a better circumstance.  God be with ye.”
	“God be with ye.” 
	“Who is he?”  Asked Alice as they walked towards Elizabeth, who was bowing to the audience that witnessed her victory. “He seemed so interesting.”
	“He is but an old friend that a long time hence moved from this place to a smaller settlement.  And ‘twould now seem that he has returned so as to study and learn.”
	“Ah, and he seemed to be quite fond of Elizabeth.”
	“’twould be that everyone is quite fond of her.”
	“Ah, there thou art!”  Elizabeth exclaimed once she caught sight of Martin, she jumped down and rushed to them.  Quickly she hugged Martin, and he stiffened like a board at the embrace and escaped as fast as he was capable.  “Oh ‘twas wonderful, the feeling of controlling my beloved mech.  I do not desire in the slightest to ever be separated from it again.”
	“You are really good at it too.”  Alice commented as she took Jack’s hand.
	“I concur.”  Jack said, proudly using a word he had heard used before.  “You really are gifted with the mechs.  You both are.”
	“Oh thank ye.”  Elizabeth said as she tried to take Martin’s hand.  “’twas breathtaking and exhilarating.”
	“Elizabeth, please do not go after my hand.  For I am in need of it.”
	“What wilt thou do with thine clutched hand that thou canst do with thine other?”
	“The truth be that I am using both.  I am keeping track of how many times this evening Jack has accepted the advances of Alice versus that of how many times I have accepted thine advances.  Thus far Jack has accepted five of her advances whereas I have accepted none of thine.  I wish to retain this record.”
	“That is but cruelty.”  Elizabeth said.  “I am now determined to keep thine hand within my possession until I have surpassed that of Alice.”
	Alice began to laugh, and Jack began to turn red.  Once Alice calmed her laughter she commented “you’ll find it hard to surpass me.  I have a friend that willingly accepts mine and returns them.  You aren’t quite so fortunate.”
	“I admit I do not understand you two.”  Jack said as he rubbed his head with his free hand. “You keep on trying to get him to like you, and he is showing no signs that any of that will change.  Why do you do it?”
	“Love is but a fickle thing.  And we are betrothed, so I desire to have more than just that of his hand, yet rather his heart.  For what good is marriage if we cannot love one another?  Therefore I shall keep on attempting until I have found success.  And then I shall keep pressing my advances, and that will be for all the times gone by that he neglected them.”
	“Therefore what need I to accept them now if I shall only be given them again upon a later date?”  Martin asked much to the amusement of his friends.  “And besides, they are better kept by her than by me.”
	“Yet if you wait too long, will she lose interest and go to someone else?”  Asked Jack.
	“I need not fear that, for I am forced to marry her by means of the betrothal.”
	“Thou speakest as if it were a drudgery to marry me.”
	“No, I do not speak as if it were a drudgery to marry thee. I speak as it were a drudgery to marry at all.  For with marriage comes responsibility, and time taken from that of learning.  Why, should I marry, I might love someone, and then what time would I have for the mechs?”
	“Wouldst thou rather spend thine old age within thine abode by thine self with only mechs for company?”
	“Aye, ‘twould be the desire that I have held since being a wee lad.”
	“I shall surely cure thee of this ailment from whence thou doth suffer my dear betrothed.”
	“If it is an ailment that he suffers from,” Alice commented, “he just might not feel at all.”
	“Heaven forbid.  Martin dear, thou shalt feel again and no longer be one of the cold unfeeling Draconians.”
  “We shall see my dear.”  Martin responded as a bell rang, “however this would be the alarm for the next grouping of four rounds.  We must go in haste if we seek to be ready for our sessions.”
	Quickly the two made off, however Elizabeth stopped mid run, turned, and yelled at Martin “Thou must add one to my side!  Thou didst call me dear!”
	“Curse thine soul my dear.  Very well, I shall add this one for thee.”
	“Those two are such an odd couple.”  Alice whispered to Jack.  “I really like them.”
	“They just confuse me.”  Jack replied.  “One moment it seems he hates her, and the next he aids her.”
	“You just used ‘aids’ in a situation where you’re just talking to me.”  Alice laughed, “You have been around them for too long.  And, he does love her, however I don’t think he wants to admit it to himself.  Not yet at least.”
	“How can you tell?”
	“I just can.”
	The two went and found an area on the edge of the large room where they could watch all of the rings.  And from there they began to watch the battles that Martin and Elizabeth fought in. 
	Steadily Elizabeth and Martin progressed in the battles as they went and fought against each of their opponents.  It was finally the semifinals, and both Martin and Elizabeth had fought their way into their respective matches.  The battles were about to begin, yet a red coated Puntemask rushed into the library, obviously in a panic.
	“Grave news!  Grave news!”  The man yelled whom the friends now recognized as Zacharius, “Dustiornect has fallen, many of our comrades have fallen in battle, and General Apollyon has been captured and is now being held within the Prison of Arabor!”
	With this grave news the joy that had just been felt by the Puntemasks was drained as the noise came to a complete halt, as if the joyous light had suddenly been flipped to darkness.  Martin stood atop his mech, frozen in shock, as the realization that his father had been captured sunk into him.  Elizabeth gasped as she raised her hands to her mouth, unwilling to comprehend what this meant.  After a few moments the other Puntemasks began to ask questions, not noticing Martin in this sea of suffering.  They wanted to know when it happened, how it happened, and why.  Zacharius tried to explain as best he could what had happened, and that it occurred only a day or so ago.
	More questions rose from this group of Puntemasks as their once joyful spirits were now being brought into a rage, they asked what they were to do now, who was to guide them onward.
	“Verily I will!”  Martin shouted after recovering from his shock.  “I am my father’s heir.  It is fitting that in this time that we, my fellow Puntemasks, should continue on as we once did.  I shall arrange for that which needs to be done in order to secure the liberty of my father while we are bereft of him.”
	“Excuse me,” another Puntemask shouted, whom upon looking at him the throng knew him as General Eccles, “Why should we follow thee?  Aye, as thou doth speak thou art his heir, however thou art still only a child.  Doth thou think that thou canst lead this thine people?”
	“Whether I be a child or not is of no consequence.”  Martin retorted, “For I am learned in the history of this our people, I can guide us as my father once did, and this I tell thee shall only be for a short time as my father shall verily be rescued before a full moon doth rise up.”
	“Very well, what say the masses?  Shall we give this upstart heir this trial period of which he seeks till the full moon doth rise in a few days hence?”  General Eccles asked, to which the crowd affirmed that they would support him in this trial period, and so General Eccles relented his sayings and supported Martin in becoming their new leader for a period.  “What is it then that thou shalt do to rescue thine father?”
	“I say to thee that I shall go forth and find my father, and negotiate the terms of his release.”  Martin explained.
	Thus the party was terminated before it was planned, and they all separated.  For a while Martin planned with Elizabeth, Jack, Alice, and Zacharius, on how to go and rescue his father.  After the planning they all separated, ready for their next move.
?????

	Jack returned to his father Strum, who was waiting for him in the thieves’ guild.  “You went on a secret mission and tried to hide it from me.”  Strum commented, watching his son, “why did you do that?”
	Nervous, Jack began to explain “I was afraid that you wouldn’t let me if I asked for permission to do it.  And I needed to do it.”
	“Why?  What is that Puntemask to you?”
	“He, he is an ally from whom I can get aid in difficult tasks such as that code, and so I need to aid him to keep our relationship.”
	“And what is your relationship with him?”
	“Um,” Jack began, not sure of how to go forth with this, “he thinks of me as a friend and I think of him as an ally.”
	“Do you not think of him as a friend as well?”
	“No father, I won’t befriend those outside of the thieves’ guild.”  Jack lied, not wanting to ruin his friendship with Martin.
	“And what about Alice?  She was not always a member of the thieves’ guild.”
	“She is now, so does that really matter?”
	“You only brought her into the thieves’ guild so that you could feel comfortable befriending her?”
	“I brought her in so that she could have a place to belong to.”  Jack replied, “I wouldn’t bring others in just to have a friendship.”
	“Jack, I’m disappointed in you.”  Strum said as he looked upon his son, “You should know that friendships are a powerful bond, and if both people in the friendship are truly friends, a lot can be accomplished.  More than just mere allies can do together.  And we have honor, don’t lie to those who think of you as a friend, it will only come back to hurt you.”
	“Yes father.”  Jack said, relieved at how this had gone. “I will not disappoint you again.”
 
Chapter 23: That which is truth
He decided that there was only
one thing for him to do.  He
would need to stop there from being
more like him and gain favor with his siblings

	Gently rain fell from upon the window that stood next to where Major General Xerxes was seated.  He was currently engaged in a mental battle with the calming lull of the rain, as if it was gently beating drums to call the tired to sleep.  However Major General Xerxes knew that he needed to finish a report and so he struggled as valiantly as he could against the rain.  Alas, the rain was prevailing.
	“Major General Xerxes,” Brigadier General Warsaw said as he saluted and entered the office given to Xerxes for the time being, “I have completed the assessment for the special guard for the Kings speech.”
	This unexpected ally in the war against the call of the rain brought Xerxes back from that fight and called his mind to the task that General Dextarius had set them upon.  The King was to give a speech, and they needed to train many of the Warmen to supplement the King’s standard guards.
	“At ease, General Dextarius, is there anything of interest to be reported?”  Major General Xerxes asked, rising from his chair to further solidify his current victory over the rain.
	“Sir, there was nothing much to report.  They are of the same caliber as most of the cities Warmen.  However, a few do have some interesting abilities.”
	“And you have written them down, correct?”  Xerxes asked as he took the stack of papers and began to go through it.
	“Of course sir.”  Brigadier General Warsaw said as he came to the side of Xerxes and began to explain his reasoning for the different critiques that he had for the various soldiers that had been under his care.
	After they had gone through the list of soldiers, Xerxes decided that it was time for them to be put through training without using their abilities.
	“Why sir?  What is the goal in that?”  Brigadier Warsaw asked as he was handed the papers back.
	“Well, I have been thinking about Lieutenant Colonel Struhs.  He has no ability, and being often in circumstances where he is surrounded by many Warmen he has done impressively well.  I think that this is due, in part, to not having any ability.  We often become too reliant on our abilities, and the current system only fosters that and doesn’t help.  However we need to train them to be prepared in case they cannot use their abilities.”
	“Yes sir.  We will train them so that they are prepared for anything.”  Brigadier General Warsaw said as he saluted, “Is there anything else that I should do before I go?”
	“No, just send Lieutenant Corporal Struhs to see me when you find him.”
	“Yes sir.”  Brigadier General Warsaw said, and then he left.
	Major General Xerxes returned to his desk, and began to work on his report once more.  He was explaining about most of the events that had occurred in the Battle of Dustiornect, however he choose to leave out the message that the spy had sent him.  Something seemed to be off.  First either a group of Bloodmen, or a lone Bloodman, was betraying them, and now there was the possibility that someone had caused some more trouble with their relations to the Puntemasks.  It would be best to figure this out before causing unneeded alarm if it turned out to be nothing.
	Thus, to find out more about what had happened, he had sent Jane to the Puntemask Library to collect information on the dates given and Lieutenant Corporal Struhs was sent to search for information within the Library of the Scholars.
	A light breeze blew forth, sending various papers flying from off of Major General Xerxes desk, quickly he shot around, closed the window, and began to pick up the fallen papers.  While Xerxes was kneeling to pick up the pieces of paper a man walked in.  
	“Major General Xerxes, why you don’t need to kneel before me.”  The man commented, looking up Major General Xerxes could see that it was Strum.
	“Why are you-?”  Xerxes said quickly standing up and shutting the door, “It is unwise for you to be here.  What happened to sending the lad?”
	“He is currently sent out on another task.  As for how wise it is for me to be here, that is for me to decide.”  Strum said as he sat down.  “I am ready to begin the preparations for your side of the agreement.”
	“You want to go there now?”  Xerxes asked as he sat behind his desk.
	“Not right now, however in a few days’ time.”  Strum said as he pushed his chair back so as to lean against the wall behind him.  “We shall be entering the archives under a different manner than that which I was first thinking.”
	“There’s only two entrances, the one that we discussed before is the best option.”
	“Incorrect, we have discovered a third entrance.”
	“A third?”  Xerxes exclaimed, suddenly standing in shock.  “How was this discovered?”
	“Well, that was by careful inspection of the layout of the structure.”
	“If it is as you say, and there is this other way, I don’t think that I can help you to get in.”
	“On the contrary, you are absolutely needed in order for us to enter.”
	“If it is as you say, very well.  When are you planning this to happen?”
	“On the day of the king’s speech.  It’ll be much easier to enter unnoticed then.” 
Chapter 24:  Break Out
His sister refused to fall
for his cunning, understanding
that he worked with
ill intent.

	A guard walked down a hallway, making sure that no one dared to enter.  Jack watched from behind a slightly ajar door as the guard walked past, oblivious to this infiltrator.
	Once the guard was out of sight, Jack led his three friends further down the hallway, making for the dungeon within the Castle of Blood.
	Earlier Martin had decided that they would go into the castle and find his father.  There they would evaluate how difficult it would be to free him and plan from there.
	Silently they entered another room as another guard began to come around a corner and into the hallway.  Slowly Jack counted to twenty as he saw the guard walk by, once he reached twenty they went out again and traversed some more yards before entering another room.
	Elizabeth opened her mouth to make a comment, but she quickly stopped herself as she understood that as much as she disdained the king, he still had power to chop off her head should she be found snooping around in his castle.
	It was a painfully long time for them to traverse the hall.  However once it was done they were thrust into a more complicated part of the castle.  They would need to descend a staircase in only a minute so in order to avoid being seen by any guards that would be roaming the halls.
	On the first opportunity Martin ran down the stairs and entered the room that Jack had shown to him on a map during their meeting.  He entered the room just as a guard began to round the corner.  Quickly he stilled his breathing as the guard walked by.
	Shortly thereafter Elizabeth ran down the stairs to where Martin was, making better time than Martin had.
	Again they waited, and this time Jack and Alice came down together.  This was so since Alice needed the aid from Jack to do any form of quick movement.
	They waited once more as a guard went by, and then began to make their way down this new hall much like they had traversed the previous one.
	This one they were able to go down quicker than the last as there were fewer guards who came down this hall.  Before long they made it to the end of the hall, and entered a room.
	This one was ornately decorated, with a chandelier designed to look like a hanging rose, with the candle sticks in blood red globes.  The walls of the room had the pictures of the previous kings of the empire, glaring at these intruders as if they could sense them.  The four companions instinctively huddled together as they felt the kingdoms power glaring at them.
	“Is that King Nicamor?”  Martin asked as they edged along a wall and passed a portrait of a man with the look of a young, caring father, dressed in the royal red tunic of the blood men, “he hardly looks like his past selves.”
	“Well, style changes greatly between the rebirths of the kings.”  Jack added, “of course, though, he looks like a fool.  What, with the silly clothes of the nobles.”
	“Hmm, for a fool, he certainly was well liked.”  Alice commented, “And let’s keep going, I hardly like staying in these halls were the spirits of six of the eight kings are likely in attendance.”
	“Yes, let’s go.”  Martin agreed as he looked about the room.
	Silently they went to a corner, pushed on the wall there, making it swing back revealing a secret passageway.
	“How do you know about these secret tunnels?”  Elizabeth asked as they entered.
	“Before coming here, we bribed one of the servants to copy an original copy of the castle plans.  It has all of the secret passageways, many of which the current guards don’t even know about since they’ve been boarded up.”
	“Well, let’s go.”  Alice said as she urged them in, lowering the wall back down after she entered the passageway, brushing aside a cobweb that fell across her.
	Silently they crept along the crawlspace that had been presented to them.  Martin counted the steps as they went down the dark trail, hoping to ignore the foul stench of rodents.  However, at around 258 steps he lost track.
	Jack suddenly stopped walking, and Martin walked into him.
	“Careful.”  Jack said slightly annoyed as he regained his composure.
	“I beg your pardon,” Martin replied indignantly, “for I cannot see a thing in this darkness, and thus once thou didst stop thine movements, I had no way to esteem that this had passed and made my way into thine square.” 
	Jack mumbled something inaudible as he pulled something out of the wall, revealing a small spot of light.  He pressed his face against the light, blocking it out for the party.  “This looks like the general area that we want, Martin, your father’s here.”
	“How is it that we might be able to escape from this this decrepit space so as to talk to him?  Martin asked in hushed tones.
	“There should be an exit a little bit ahead.” Jack said as he began to replace that which he had taken out of the wall.  As they continued down, Martin felt for what Jack had taken out, noting the feeling of a cold stone peg that had been placed into the hole.
	A mirror slid to the side as Jack led them out of the passageway. “Come, let’s go quickly and free your father.”
	Quickly they went into the main hall where they saw many vacant cells, each with a worn bed, a thin blanket, and a chamber pot.  Jack guided them down to the end of the hallway where there was an oak door with bars at the top and a wooden panel on the other side.
	Once Martin saw the condition of his father, he was angered.  For his father had been stripped of his clothing, and had nothing but a sackcloth to wear as he laid on a bed attempting to sleep.
	“Father,” Martin beckoned, “come, for we have come to rescue thee from this thine imprisonment.”
	Martin’s father stirred, then rose from his bed like a bear rising from its hibernation.  “From whence didst ye come?”  He asked in astonishment, seeing them there.  “Depart and make haste, for if the lord of this prison doth find ye, ye shall be punished worse than I.”
	“We came to save thee my future father.”  Elizabeth opined.  “We surely cannot leave before that which is our quest hath been fulfilled.”
	“It pleases me that ye would come this far to save me, however, I cannot leave.  For where would I go?  Would ye that I should constantly be a vagabond and a sojourner, forsaken from the home of my ancestors?  I beseech thee, leave me.  I shall soon be free as an appeasement gift to those of our clan.  For the king has come and spoken to me personally, beseeching a way to make amends and cease this feud that has sprung between us and the kingdom.
	“I shall be freed tomorrow, and on the day of the king’s speech I shall lead a delegation of the Puntemasks to be on the stage with the king.
	“Now, if thou doth desire to free someone, free that of the person in the cell next to that which is mine.  For she was caught while attempting a diplomatic mission from the kingdom of Draconia.  Free her and aid her in returning to her people.  She has been in here for too long, and this is not a place for children.”
	Looking at the cell that Martin’s father had gestured to, they saw a young female that appeared to be about twenty meditating on her bed.  She had long black hair and a look of malnourishment.  She was in the same sackcloth attire that Martin’s father wore.
	“Hey,” Jack said as he flicked a pebble at the girl, “girl, get up.  We have orders to rescue you.”
	The girl rose and walked to them, studying them as if she was looking at a strange specimen of animal that she had not observed before.  “And who are thou?” She asked in a strange accent.
	“Just some friends.  That’s all you need to know.  If you want to escape, we’ll take you out now.”
	“How?”
	“Like this.”  Jack said as he began to pick the lock, in less than a minute it sprung open, and the cage swung out giving the girl a way out.  “Will you come now?”
	“Well, I suppose I may as well.  It would beat staying here.  Take me away.”  She said as she exited her cell, then looking at Martin’s father she commented “farewell my friend, may the gods smile upon you.”
	“Haigushna, iasamoweh naisamodri foteedreh-witu Meisagitu.”  Martin’s father said.  Martin was able to recognize that this was Draconian, but as to what it meant, he could only guess that it was the same thing that the girl had said but in her native tongue.  However, the girl smiled at Martin’s father and nodded her head as they passed.
	“What did he say?”  Elizabeth asked the girl as they reentered the hidden passageway.
	“He said farewell, may the Gods smile upon you.”  The girl replied, “It is a typical farewell in Draconian.”
	“Haigushna something a moweh meisatu?” Martin asked as he followed Jack further down the path.
	“Something like that.”  The girl said with a slight laugh “Later I’ll teach you how to speak it properly.”
	“Okay, I shall wait for thine lessons.”  Martin said.  “And forgive me, for in the commotion verily I forgat to introduce myself.  I am Martin, and what mayest I call thee?”
	“Henceforth thou shalt refer to me as Princess Mei.”  The girl replied.  “Or, if you really want to be formal, you could call me Princess Meitagi.”
	“Tagi, coming from the same origin as taki?  Meaning lord?  So would not that amount to the same thing as Princess Mei?”  Elizabeth asked.
	“You’re quite astute,” The girl responded, “I like you. You can join in on the-”
	At this point she was interrupted by Jack who shushed them and whispered “I can hear people coming, we need to be quiet.”
	Silently the party waited as muffled footsteps passed by where they were hidden.  Like mice hiding from the cat not a peep escaped from them.  After a few moments the footsteps passed them by and the party continued on, this time in utmost silence.
	The wall rose as Jack lifted it up to reveal the way out of the passage.  Quickly he moved to the door and listened for any noise outside.  He waited for a few moments but after hearing nothing they went into the hall and began to retrace their track back out away from the castle.
	When they got to the staircase soft thuds could be heard coming from where they had come, and echoing down the hall an alarm was raised signaling that a prisoner had escaped.
	“So, are we going to continue trying to be stealthy in our escape?”  The girl asked as the party looked at each other in uncertainty.
	“We don’t have the force to break out of here, we should try and hide.”  Jack said as he quickly led the party into a room, “Let’s look for somewhere to hide in here”
	The room was quite spacious and had little in way of wares, out of desperation they hid within what little items that were contained therein.  Elizabeth hid within a storage cabinet built into the wall, Jack and Alice hid within a wardrobe, Martin pushed the girl into a storage cabinet and quickly followed her in as the door to the room was opened.
	“You fools,” a voice softly called out, “you won’t be able to escape if you hide in here.  I can show you out.”
	Peeking out Martin saw a black cloak flowing towards the wardrobe as he heard the boots softly treading on the floor.
	The door to the wardrobe began to open, and suddenly Martin and Elizabeth rushed out form where they were hiding to confront the man who was opening the wardrobe door, dressed in complete black.
	“So you come out of your own volition, I applaud you.”  The man said as he opened the door to the wardrobe, revealing Jack and Alice hiding within the wardrobe.  “You don’t need to be afraid, surely you came to see your father, and there is no crime in that.  Know that he will be released soon.  As such, as a sign of good faith between the Puntemasks and the kingdom, let me guide you out.”
	“I accept thine offer.”  Martin said as he shifted back, ready to dart if it proved necessary. “I see that there is no true alternative before us on this issue.”
	“I’m glad that you can easily understand what’s going on.  Now follow me.”  The man said as began to lead them out.
	As Jack left the room, he looked to where the girl was hiding and saw her peeking out from there.  He signaled for her to follow, but she refused as she slinked back into the cabinet.
	Quickly the man guided them through a series of service passages that allowed a greater ease in avoiding the guards of the prison.  Suddenly they broke out of the prison into the daylight, and the man sent them off.
?????

	“Dracon, I heard that you helped some people break out from inside the prison.”  King Garsen the seventh said as he wrote a letter.
	“Yes your highness, I did aid some people in escaping the prison.  They had come to see the Puntemask general that had been captured, and as we are releasing that general in a show of good faith, I ought to also aid these young Puntemasks in escaping the prison unharmed.”
	“Do you not believe that they ought to have received some sort of punishment for their insolence?”
	“Of course I do your highness, however, I believe that they have received a fitting punishment already in being chased by the guards as they fled in terror.  Furthermore, this has proven a worthy exercise in that now we have been shown various weak points within the security that we can fix, that I shall see through.”
	“You choose well, as usual Dracon.”  The king said, “And the Draconian girl was not amongst these Puntemasks?”
	“There was no sign of the girl with them.”  Dracon replied.  “Shall I send out wanted posters with her face?”
	“No, not yet.  Let’s first allow the guard to apprehend her.  If they cannot, then we shall put out wanted posters for her.”
	“Yes your majesty.  Is there anything else?”
	“No, that would be all.  Oh yes, I had a meeting with several generals today, if you could replace me in those meetings I would be quite pleased.”
	“Of course your majesty, may I inquire as to the reason that this change will occur?”
	“I promised Oliver that on the next partly cloudy day I would take him fishing, I can hardly break my promise to him.  Ah, you shall need my notes.”  King Garsen the Seventh said as he handed a bound set of parchment to Dracon.
	“Very well your majesty.  I shall fulfill this task with utmost care.”
 
Chapter 25:  Mei Omi
Rather she preserved
in following her father,
and so the brother saw that
he could not gain her.

	The group of friends sat silently within the Puntemask Library as they thought about what had transpired.  No one spoke or broke the silence that enveloped them as slowly night fell upon them like a blanket covering where they lay.
	“Ugh!”  Jack finally exclaimed, “How can we sit and do nothing?  That girl that Martin’s dad told us to take is still in there!  We need to do something!”
	“And what is it that thou wouldst petition that we do?”  Elizabeth asked.
	“I don’t know! Anything!  I hate just sitting here.”
	“We all do.”  Martin responded, “However, to act is a difficult question that ought to not be answered rashly.”
	“How can you be so cold in a moment when we were given a task to protect someone?”
	“By noting that if both of us were to act the fool there would be inevitable destruction upon us.”
	“Destruction or not, is it not better to at least attempt to do something?”
	“We shall, yet first we must gain an understanding of a proper manner to proceed so that we do not endanger ourselves or those whom we wish to protect.”
	“So when will you act?”
	“That depends on the plan that we will form.  Let’s consider the situation, the female was left in the castle, and now we are unsure of her location.  We may attempt to breach the dungeon again.  However, in all likelihood, it would be a futile effort as, once again, we do not know where she is currently.
	“Therefore, I would propose that thou doth send forth agents to go out and ascertain locations wherein she may be kept.  Once we have found her location, we shall steel ourselves to go forth and rescue this fair maiden.  I would presume that this explanation is satisfying to one such as thee?”
	After that Jack just stared at Martin for a moment, unsure of what the speech meant.  Noticing his discomfort, Alice cut in, “That would do nicely, we’ll be sure to send out some feelers for where that girl is.  In the meantime, we’ll be going out to plot our nefarious plans.”
	Thereafter Jack and Alice departed from the Puntemask Library.
	“I doubt those two thieves.”  Elizabeth started from behind a book that she had been using to shield herself from those that had left.  “Surely they shall betray us once given the option.  For behold, there is not honor to be found amongst rogues and thieves.”
	“’Tis true that which thou hast said concerning rogues and thieves, yet note that ‘tis also true that Jack maintains his loyalties once they have been formed.  He shall not betray us.”
	“If thou doth hold this opinion I shall attempt to trust thine thoughts, yet I shall reserve my right to condemn this foolishness should the time come.”
?????

	Jack and Alice silently stalked through the streets as they made their way back to the sewers.  No one else was out in the street, and so they made their way without difficulty, that is until they heard a voice.
	“George,” the feminine voice commented, “I told you, I don’t know where I’m going.  I’m just grasping at straws right now.”
	There then was a pause as no one spoke, and so Jack and Alice crept past the location from which the voice came when suddenly the voice spoke again.
	“It may be desperate, but I don’t have anything else to go on.  Some of the people that broke me out where Puntemasks, yet I have no idea where they’d go, or even if they’d take me back now.”
	This made Alice and Jack pause and listen intently, after a moment the voice spoke once more.
	“Well, you see, they got help from a guard to get out, but I didn’t go as I figured that it wouldn’t be good to go out with the help of a guard when I’m a wanted fugitive now…
	“No, I didn’t do anything major, just espionage since I’m really not from this country, I told you, I’m from Draconia…
	“Why am I here you ask?  Well, it’s complicated, you se-“ at that moment she suddenly stopped talking and so Jack looked around the corner from which he and Alice had been eavesdropping.  However, he quickly recoiled as he found himself face to face with a serious face.
	“Gah!”  Jack exclaimed as he jumped back, and then, looking the face, he recognized it as the girl whom they had just been with in the dungeon.  “What the plague?  How in the blazes did you get out of there?”  Jack said as he regained his composure. 
“Oh, Alice, let her go.”  Jack said as he noticed that Alice now stood behind the girl with a knife along her throat and a hand covering her mouth.  “This is the girl that we found in the dungeon.”
“What?”  Alice whispered as she removed her hand and knife, moving to take a look at the girl.  “But, how is that possible?  You were stuck in the dungeon.”
“Yes,” the girl replied, “however, I had help from a friend, his name is George.  He says hi.”
“But, how did you get out?  And who is George?”
“He guided me out, slowly, there were a few bumps along the way, but, well, it’d probably be best to start from the beginning.  So, you see, I was waiting in the ro-“
“Sorry to cut you off,” Alice interrupted, “but we should probably have this conversation later, we should go to Martin’s house now.”
“Ah, true,” Jack agreed, “can I ask you just one thing first?”
“Sure, what’s that?”
“What’s your name?”
“Omi, Mei Omi, and you?”
“Jack, no last name.”
“And I’m Alice, Alice Lugen.”
“Nice to meet you both.”  Mei Omi said cheerily, “Now, shall we go to this Martin’s house?”
“Sure, follow us Mei.”
Like shadows they crept unnoticed as they headed towards Martin’s home.
?????
	As for what had happened to Mei Omi in the castle, Mei Omi had hid within the cabinet for many hours and nightfall had occurred, she crept out from her hidden location.
	“This way ma’am.” A spirit of a condemned man commented to her as she looked about.  Silently she nodded for him to lead on as she followed him.
	The ghost rambled on as they traveled about various things that had transpired within the dungeon, “once a kind guard occupied that spot,” the spirit commented as they traveled past a place that would have once been occupied by a chair, yet cobwebs now occupied that place, “he would always give those who were malnourished an extra cut of bread.”
	“Why are you doing this for me?”  Mei Omi asked at one point as they rounded a corner.  “Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy that you’re helping me, but, I don’t understand why you’re doing it.”
	“It’s simple really,” the spirit replied as he stuck his head through some floorboards to verify that no one was above them, “while I may have been considered scum while alive, I still have the decency to help females escape from here if they can see me, especially if it will make those who imprisoned me suffer.”
	“That works.”  Mei Omi said as she followed him up the stairs.  “One other question, why haven’t you passed on yet?”
	“That’s a bit complicated.  Once I died I was supposed to pass on and reincarnate.  However, should I do that, what would become of me?  All of my memories would be erased and I would be gone as a new being would be born taking my place.  And so I have decided to not reincarnate in order to keep myself alive.”
	“But don’t your people believe that everything repeats itself?  So if you reincarnate you’ll come back again and repeat everything?”
	“I believe that the cycles are more metaphorical and less literal.  After all, if you look at the pass thirty two cycles they don’t repeat completely.  The actions are similar, but there are too many variants for my liking.”
	“Alright, then perhaps I could take you along with me.”
	“Well, I have nothing better to do, may as well.  It’s not like I’m going to find anyone else who can see me after all, why can you see me?”
	“I’m from Draconia, one of the necromancers, I have an ability that lets me commune with those who have died.”
	“That would explain your odd accent.  Oh, it appears that there is someone up ahead, hide in that room over there until I till you to come out.”
	Silently the Mei Omi hid herself as she waited for the ghost to tell her to come out.  As she waited she heard several voices speaking as they passed her location.
	“-know, I was hoping to get off early today.  But that accursed girl just had to disappear.  Now we’re stuck here searching when we weren’t even on duty!”
	“Hush with your whining.  It’s not going to help anything so just be quiet.”
	“Fine fine, whatever you say. I’ll have you-“ the first voice said as it wondered off and she could no longer hear what was being said.
	Silently Mei Omi waited for a bit longer until the ghost returned to her and told her that there were no guards in sight, and so they began to proceed once more to escape the dungeon.
	They met no other obstacles, for the ghost (whom Mei Omi learned was named George) was a well-trained guide and spy.  Like a mouse Mei Omi was able to creep out of the dungeon and be free.  However, the hour was late, and she had nowhere to go, as such she began to speak to George.
	“George,” Mei Omi began after George had questioned if she really should be the guide if she was just going to make them lost.  “I told you, I don’t know where I’m going.  I’m just grasping at straws right now.”
	“Why are you doing this?  Don’t you think this is just stupid and desperate?”  George asked, exasperated as he walked through a pile of boxes.
	“It may be desperate, but I don’t have anything else to go on.”  Mei Omi replied as she beckoned for George to come back.  “Some of the people that broke me out where Puntemasks, yet I have no idea where they’d go, or even if they’d take me back now.”
	“Why didn’t you just go with them originally?  Wouldn’t that have been easier?”
	Nodding her head at this statement, she began “Well, you see, they got help from a guard to get out, but I didn’t go as I figured that it wouldn’t be good to go out with the help of a guard when I’m a wanted fugitive now-“
	“Why are you a fugitive?”  George cut her off suddenly, “You don’t seem like you would be a threat, but then again, it is usually the ones that you wouldn’t suspect.  Did you do something major?”
“No, I didn’t do anything major, just espionage, since I’m really not from this country, I told you, I’m from Draconia.”
“Why are you here anyways?  And not to alarm you or anything, but there are two people listening in on our conversation, normally I wouldn’t care, but since they can probably hear you, I thought you ought to know.”
Nodding her understanding of what he was saying, Mei Omi began to talk as she crept towards the edge of the alley way.  “Why am I here you ask?  Well, it’s complicated,” with that she was at the edge of the alley way, poised to jump out, “you se-“.   At that moment she froze as a sudden thought entered her head, what if these two people are two of the people that saved me?  I probably shouldn’t jump out and attack them.
It was in this serious thought when one of the people that had helped her escape suddenly peeped around the corner and jumped back in shock at seeing her there.
And that is where the two stories combine.


 
Chapter 26: Searching
Suddenly tragedy arose.
The dead came from the
grave and found their father.
He was soon no more.

	Zacharius wrote in the final names of the Puntemask refugees that came from the city of Dustiornect and sought asylum with the Puntemasks inside of Arabor.  He had aided many of these people as Martin had ordered.  The grim spectacle of people riding in with tattered frock coats was unnerving, yet the firm determination that they showed was inspiring.  Much like the poor cat who has bravely fought for all it’s worth.
	After aiding his fellow Puntemasks, he was tasked with entering in the information about everyone.  And so he had been here with a group entering names and locations for most of the day.  However with only a few names to go he dismissed the others so that they can take care of their regular duties in the library.
	Carefully he finished the last name, one Joratheem Zeroch, and rose to stretch.
	A knock then came from the door.  “I am coming, I am coming.”  He said walking over to the door.  “And I have now finished the record Ma-“
	He stopped midsentence as he opened the door and saw that the person knocking had not been Martin but rather one of the librarians that he identified as Ethel, one of the refugees from Dustiornect (and not actually a Puntemask yet rather someone who wanted to aid them), followed by a military secretary.  He felt embarrassed, much like many of the school lads had whenever they discovered that they had unwittingly turned in an assignment to the wrong teacher.
	“I am not quite certain who this ‘Ma’ character is that you speak of, however, whoever he is I am still glad that we are not disrupting your work upon the census.” Said Ethel as she came in followed by the military secretary.  “However Miss Jane has some questions about the record that you were working on.”
	“Is that so?”  Said Zacharius as he motioned for Jane to take a seat.  “And what questions is it that thou hast for me at this time?”
	“There are several people that I want to know about.  If they came here, and if so, where they are.”
	“Why is it that thou doth desire this thing?”  Asked Zacharius as he took a seat across from Jane.  Eyeing her like a snake does when attempting to ascertain its prey’s plan of action.
	“I am needing to ask them to explain something.  It seems that from your records several events have started to happen in the last sixteen years, and I am wanting to question several of people who were involved in these incidents.”
	“What sort of incident is it of which thou speakest?”
	“One of discrimination.  The relations between the commoners and your kind was never good.  However it seems like some sort of event, what your historians have recorded as ‘Obit’, set things off to a much faster rate, and I would like to speak with several of the people directly involved.”
	“And so why doth thou seek these people within this census?  Surely thou hast a knowledge of where these people ought to be.”
	“Yes, however, as your records confirm, many of them moved to Dustiornect after Obit.  And we both know that Dustiornect was recently fought over and many Puntemasks fled here.”
	“The truth is as thou doth say.  Thou hast done thine research.  Pray tell, what are the names of whom thou doth seek?”
	The two pondered over the large census that had been compiled as the seconds ticked away, much like the steady foot falls of a soldiers march.  These seconds turned into minutes, and minutes into hours.  After exhaustive searching they had found that most of the people involved in Obit had either passed away or had chosen not to go to Arabor.
	However there were a few people that had indeed chosen to come, and those few people Jane now knew where they lived.
	“Miss Jane, wouldst thou be in need of further assistance in locating these people?”  Zacharius asked as they rose from their work.
	“No, thank you, I’ll be quite alright on my own.”  Jane commented as she prepared to leave, gathering up her papers.
	“Very well then.  Fare thee well.”
	“Thank you, you too.”
	And with that she left the room, and after a moment so did he with the census.  He went to deliver it back to the librarians to be placed in one of the back rooms where it would be better protected.
?????

	Jane returned back to Major General Xerxes and reported her findings to him.
	“So there are ten people whom we can question about that incident?” Xerxes asked as he looked out the window from his office, “That will have to suffice.  And Jane, could you do me a favor?”
	“Yes sir, what do you want?”  Jane replied.
	“I have received a message from the king, it seems that he is wanting to have another interview with me tomorrow.  As such I will be unable to keep my appointment at the Military Library.  I would like you to go in my place and search for any documents on what transpired the night that King Nicamor died.  Also I would like you to search for information on what happened on the date of Obit.”
	“Certainly sir.”  Jane replied.  “I will see it done.”
?????
“Who are you exactly?”  Jack asked Mei Omi as they sat in the library contained within Martin’s home.
	“I already told you that.”  Mei Omi said as she sat cross-legged on a chair, smiling at everyone who had gathered, those being Jack, Alice, Martin, and Elizabeth.  “I’m Mei Omi.”
	“We already know that.”  Alice in turn commented.  “Rather we want to know why you were in the dungeon.”
	“Didn’t I also tell you that?  Or was it George that I told?”  Mei Omi asked, tilting her head in slight confusion.  “I get mixed up with who I’ve told what.  Anyways, I was sent to spy on this country by my leader to determine if your new king would be a threat, and after having been here for quite some time, I was found and thrown into prison.”
	Martin, who was pacing along the side of the room as he pondered, finally broke from his meditations and asked her “And what hast thou determined of our king?”
	“I have determined that he desires to aid his people, yet he is a threat to any neighboring realm.  And my people are a neighboring realm.”
	“Can I ask a question?”  Jack said as he looked upon Mei Omi, and after hearing Martin give an affirmation, Jack asked “how long have you been in this country?  Since it seems that you would have come here right away once you learned that we had a new king, yet that was around sixteen years ago.”
	“You are correct,” Mei Omi replied, “I have been here now for far longer than I desire.”
	“And what is it exactly that doth keep thee here within this kingdom?”  Martin asked.
	“Oh, my queen told me to come here.”
	“So then, this is thine punishment?  Come and spy here?”
	“No.  My queen wouldn’t punish me.  She’s too nice to do that to me.”
	“Then is there something of importance here that thou doth seek?”
	“Is there something that’s important here that I should be looking for?  Oh please do tell!  What is it?”
	Martin ended his questioning and began to walk again as he thought more on her answers.  Elizabeth, in frustration, arose from her chair, “is it that thou art an ignoramus or a genius? For thou doth confound all our questions in brilliant ignorance”
	“Aren’t we all ignoramuses and geniuses at the same time?”
	“So then thou doth understand our confusion at who thou art, yet thou doth choose to play thine silly juvenile games so that we might be left without understanding?”
	“I’m playing a game?”  Mei Omi asked as she looked upon Elizabeth, “Why wasn’t I told about this?”
	“Elizabeth, thou shalt find that thou shalt gain nothing from questioning her in this manner.  Rather, it is as she has stated, we are all geniuses and ignoramuses.  She just happens to be an ignoramus in those regards concerning the manner in which we are desirous to have our questions answered.”  Martin commented as he selected a book from his library.
	“Then doth thou agree that she is addled in ill fortuned ways?”
	“’twould appear so.”  Martin agreed, “Yet, she is still brilliant and is quite unlike those that are dumb and deaf.”
	“Wait.”  Mei Omi interjected, “I’m sorry, it’s a habit of mine to be roundabout when answering questions in an interrogation format so as to not give out vital information.  I can’t tell you who I am as of now.  Perhaps later, but not now.  What I can say is that I am not your enemy, at least I don’t think that we are enemies.”
	“Mei Omi-“ Martin began before he was interrupted by Mei Omi.
	“Just call me Omi, that’s my name.”
	“Alright, Omi, as thou doth desire to be called, would there be anything that thou doth desire to beseech from us?  Pray ask.”
	“Um, no, not really, I don’t have anything to beseech from you, but I do have some questions that I would like to ask.  Such as, what were you guys doing in the dungeon?  After all, it’s a very strange hobby to rescue random people.” 
“You don’t say.” Alice muttered under her breath.
	“We were within the castle for we were desirous to learn about the situation in which my father found himself to be concerned.”  Martin stated.
	“Ah,” Mei Omi commented, “that makes a lot of sense, I thought that you all were just playing around in there.”
	“She’s completely addled.”  Elizabeth commented, “There’s no reason to further continue this conference, let us be rid of her.”
“While I agree that she doth give off the appearance of being addled, she seems to have a rather keen intelligence.”  Martin replied.
	“One other question for you all,” Mei Omi began to ask, “why do you want to know about me?”
	“Well, typically when we rescue strange people that begin to be with us, we want to know about them.  Who they are, what they want, what they are doing.  Things like that.”  Alice commented with annoyance dripping from her words.
	“Oh!”  Mei Omi exclaimed. “You want to know what I’m doing here? I’ve already told you most of that.  I guess there is one more thing I can add, I’m here trying to learn what exactly the Crowthanians are planning in regard to the war that you all keep waging against us.”
	“Well, we can’t really help you there.”  Alice commented.  “You see, those two are Puntemasks, and people don’t really like Puntemasks anymore.  And I and Jack are thieves, no one tells us anything about what we’re planning with the war.”
	“That’s too bad.”  Mei Omi said, letting out a sigh. “I guess random people don’t usually know what’s going on.”
	“Actually, I might know someone who can help.”  Jack commented.  Mei Omi brightened at this and quickly asked who, to which Jack responded saying “My father could probably help a bit with this.”
	“We should go find him immediately!”  Mei Omi said.
	“Is this truly okay?”  Alice asked Jack in astonishment.
	“It certainly goes against protocol, however, she doesn’t seem that dangerous.  I’m sure that we could stop her should she prove me wrong.”
	“One question before ye do depart from us tonight: why didst thou betray such important information to us when thou hast only recently made acquaintance with us?”
	“Well, George has commented that you are a Puntemask, and that he has found them to be honest people that don’t betray you.  I trust George, so I trust you.  Besides, you helped me escape from the prison, so obviously you are not in good standing with the kingdom and thus you’d have a hard time reporting the information that you have learned.”
	“Fair enough.  I have no further questions to ask thee.”
	“You know Martin,” Jack began, “you could come with us to learn about this girl.”
	“Thank you for the kind offer, however I must refuse.  For tomorrow my father shall be returned to this our abode, and I must be here to greet him upon his arrival.”
	“Well, then, until tomorrow.”  Alice said, and then she, Jack, and Mei Omi departed into the night.

 
Chapter 27: Interview
The first, in anger, yelled
for the death of his sister
who had power over dead,
the third agreed.

	King Garsen rested in his office as he ate his breakfast.  To the side of him was the reports that had been brought to him by various messengers.  He knew that he was over controlling, and as such he was thinking that perhaps it was about time to let go a bit and allow his servants to have more control over the affairs of the kingdom.  That way he would not need to worry as much about these constant reports of rebellions arising throughout his kingdom.
	These reports spoke of various rebellions that had occurred, and the failings that had been transpiring by the various officers in charge of the different regions, and thus the failings of the High Blood Generals.  In anger he had sent out the High Blood General of the West to lead his men in fighting.  However that proved disastrous as one of the reports on his desk explained that that general had fallen in combat.  Now the men of the west were leaderless and were preparing to flee.  They desperately needed a new leader who could guide them in the dangers of combat.
	He had studied hard, and with the various counsels that he was given he had narrowed down the list of potentials to fill that spot, the two men were General Dextarius and Major General Xerxes.  Both men were of excellent condition and could adequately perform the task.  The only question would be who would be better to send.
	Someone knocked upon his door, King Garsen said to enter, and in came one of the royal guards followed by Major General Xerxes.  The guard announced that Xerxes was there, to which comment King Garsen told him to enter.  And that he did.
	Major General Xerxes came forward until he stood in front of the king’s desk, and then he saluted as he had been trained to do.
	“At ease Major General.  Take a seat.”  King Garsen the seventh said, to which order Major General Xerxes took the seat in front of the king’s desk.
	“Major General, I assume that you are wondering as to why I have requested that you come here.  And as you have been gone for the last few days I do not think that you have heard any of the news about the west.”
	“No, your sire, I have not.  What has transpired?”
	“High Blood General Warren has been killed.  And now his spot needs to be filled.  I am considering you as an applicant for that position.”
	“Are not the High Blood Generals always Bloodmen your sire?”
	“In the past that has been the case.  However with your expertise, and the unusual circumstances surrounding the west, I and my councilors are thinking that you would be able to fill the spot rather well, even if you are a Warman.”
	“Very well your highness.  And, if I may be so bold as to ask, what are these unusual circumstances?”
	“Due to the rebellions arising in the west, we have received many requests for their High Blood General to come out and actually lead them in the matters that are transpiring.  We allowed this to happen.  If you are called upon to be the new High Blood General, it will not be here in Arabor, yet rather in the west.  And so, we need a High Blood General that is acquainted with directly leading his men in war.  You can know all the strategies in theory, and be an expert at applying, but, as the previous High Blood General showed us, if you are not accustomed to actual combat, you will freeze once you are put there and all your knowledge will become useless.” 
	“And, if I am called to fill this position, when would I need to leave?”
	“The day after my speech.  I will be holding the standard council with the High Blood Generals, and you will need to be a part of that council.  After that one you will head to the west, and return once every two months.  Unless otherwise notified.”
	“understood, your sire.”
	“Now, for some standard questioning…”  The King said as he began to question Major General Xerxes willingness, abilities, and loyalty.  The King desired to know for certain that Xerxes would actually be the better choice to go to the west. 
Chapter 28: Fire
The fourth child cried no,
he would protect his
sister from harm.
The first demanded justice.

	Jack and Alice waited outside of Strum’s office.  He had been speaking with Mei Omi for several hours now.  After leaving Martin’s home they had gone straight to the Thieves’ Guild, and due to the hour Strum said that he would speak with Mei Omi the following day.  However what they were discussing seemed to be of great importance as they had been speaking for several hours already.
	“Does he even remember that we’re here?”  Alice asked as she paced along the small corridor that they were in.  “After all, he told us to wait until he gets us, however how long will it be before then?”
	“I don’t really have an answer for you.”  Jack said as he traced the patterns on the chair that he sat upon.  It was a new chair, so it was probably stolen recently.
	“Couldn’t he at least have let us go out for a bit?  I mean we’d still be able to come at a moment’ notice.”
	They continued talking for a while as they waited, until finally the door opened and Strum beckoned them to come in.
	“Jack,” Strum said as he returned to his seat, across from him sat an ever happy Mei Omi, “it seems that we have a lot that we can learn from this lass.  She has some useful information about the past.  I’ve made a deal with her that well be of mutual aid.  We’re going to take her to the Military library with us, and in exchange we’re going to be sending her back to Draconia with a few of our men to learn from the Draconians and study their history and techniques in warfare.”
	“And who are you going to send?”  Jack asked as he and Alice took a seat.  Alice made a quick greeting to Mei Omi, who returned it with a very energetic hug, and a whispered greeting.
	“I think that I’ll be sending you, Alice, and two of the other leaders who wish to volunteer.”
	“And do you think that it is wise?”  Alice asked.
	“Do you think that I’d send my son and his future bride in the way of harm?”  Strum asked as he raised his feet onto the table, “Of course, it’s going to be dangerous.  However, I have reason to be certain that everyone will be safe over there, perhaps more so than here.”
	“What do you mean by that?”  Questioned Jack.”
	“Only that it looks like there’s going to be a war here soon.”  Mei Omi gleefully commented, shaking her seat violently.
	 “And so you are wanting to get us both out of here so that we don’t die in the war?”  Jack asked.
	“I do want both of you to live through it.  However, due to who you are Jack, I hardly think that you going to Draconia will protect you from the war.  Only that it will properly equip you for the war and prepare you to lead your people come the right time.”
	“So you think that you’re going to die during the war?”  Alice asked in shock, “Don’t say that, you’re going to stay alive!”
	“Alice, death is a natural part of life.  With exception for the Draconians.  I acknowledge that with what is coming I will not be able to be the leader that everyone will seek.  And so I hope to prepare Jack to be that leader.  And Alice, I hope that you can be prepared to aid him in the trials that are certain to come his way, and be ready for your own trials.”
	“Of course I’ll help him with anything!”  Alice replied back, “But you are our leader, and you will keep being our leader.”
	“I agree with Alice,” Jack interjected, “you’ll stay our leader during this war that will happen.  You are the only one that truly knows how to guide the thieves.”
	“Jack, in the new world that will come it will have no place for men like me.  Hopefully it will have a place for the men like you.”
	“Jack, Alice, now is not the time to be saddened by the changes that will happen in the world.  Rather you both should prepare for it.  Few are graced with the time and knowledge to actually prepare for the future.  Trust me, I’ve seen many groups rise and fall because they would not learn to prepare for what will come.”  Mei Omi said with a strange seriousness that surprised Jack and Alice.”
	A burning smell began to permeate the air around them, and smoke came from underneath the doorway, like vapors of death coming to claim their prey.
	Everyone quickly jumped up and grabbed what was closest to them that they could easily carry as someone began to cry “fire!”  As they ran out of the room they saw the thieves running in confusions.
	“Who was the belligerent idiot that started this fire?  How the plague did it start?” Strum asked as he grabbed a nearby thief.  “And why is everyone panicking in find an exit?  We have several to prepare for this sort of thing.”
	“Someone started the fire from the outside, and blocked off many of our exits.”  The thief replied back.
	“Barthallamew,” Jack suddenly said, “I saw him with gasoline on the day that I brought that military man here.  He must have realized that we helped to take back the mechs and so decided to get some vengeance.”
	“It would be like those filthy Blood Rats.”  Strum said.  “Okay, send some into my personal chambers, there’s a hidden pathway that no one should know about.  I made it myself.  Jack and Alice, spread the word to those nearby, we don’t want too many to come or else this exit will become clogged along with whatever exits remain open.  I’m going there now to open the way.”
	And with that Strum ran off with Mei Omi to his chamber, and Jack and Alice began to tell everyone to go to his chamber as well.
	Thieves began to head to Strum’s chamber as the red tongues of the fire began to devour all that it touched, and feasting upon those that lost their way in their confusion.  Like a ravenous beast it slaughtered and ate all that it could find.
	Jack and Alice raced back as fast as they could to find Strum’s chamber.  Everyone was pushing as they tried to enter first, none wanting the monster called fire to find them.  Strum was yelling for everyone to enter in an orderly manner, however his reasoning could not enter the deaf ears of the panicked mob.
	The mob pushed and shoved, echoing the chaos of that which caused them to stir.  Slowly the masses escaped through the hidden pathway.
	Jack turned and began to go back along the way they had come, telling Alice that he had to do something to deter the fire or else it would end up consuming all of them as they attempted their escape.  Alice at first protested, and then said that she would go with Jack if he was “so determined” to go.  Now it was Jack’s turn to protest, however Alice would not accept him to go off on his own.  Thus they decided to go together.
	 Before they left, Jack ripped off two portions of his shirt.  He then gave one to Alice as he placed the other on his nose.  And then they made their way into the fire.
	Smoke quickly assaulted their eyes, like a million silent warriors storming a fortress.  Alice went to rub her eyes as they stung from these cruel warriors, and in doing so released the grip she had on her cloth protecting her nose, and quickly thereafter the smoke attacked this new weak point.  She then had a coughing fit as her body rejected this cruel visitor.
	After that they both began to crawl along the ground as they went forth to find a way to slow the fire.  They travelled along for a while above the stone, feeling it getting warming.  And in the distance they heard the continued screaming of those who had not managed to make it away from the cruel beast as it now ate them alive.
	As they went they saw that the main item carrying the fire was the wooden support beams running along the sides of the sewer system.
	“’ey, Alice, if we break those the fire shouldn’t be able to pass along this side of the hall, right?”
	“True.”  Alice commented, slightly muffled from her cloth. “However they are really quite sturdy and there are a few more alleyways that we’d need to break to stop the fire.”
	“But it’s a start, and it’ll buy us a little time.”  And with that Jack arose as he grabbed a nearby sword that had been dropped as the wielder had ran in terror, and began to whack at the wooden beams on the side of the sewers.
	Alice muttered something unintelligible beneath her rag and then joined Jack in destroying the wooden beams on either side of them.
	After several minutes they had broken off a few feet of the beams, which pieces they brought over to their side away from where the fire was approaching.
	A burst occurred as the fire received new oxygen from a door opening up as a man covered in flames fled.  Screaming in his agony and certain death.  Seeing that there was an area without the fire, the man ran towards Jack and Alice.  Like an infested man bringing the plague with him to an uncontaminated province, the thief brought the flames into the area that had been secured against it.
	Panic rose within Jack and Alice as the mad man rushed towards them, and in turn they rushed away from him.
	“That man,” Alice said as she stopped to regain her breath, “We must do something for him.”
	“What can we do?  We’ve drained the sewage from this part of the sewers so as to escape the foul odor, but now there is no liquid with which to douse him.”
	“If we leave him, he’ll die a painful death.  Killing him would be more merciful.”
	“You are right, as usual.  I’ll do it since it must be done.”
	“While you do that, I’ll break the pillar here to try and stop the fire.”
	Jack quickly ran back towards the fire and found the burning man howling in pain.  Taking the sword that he had found on the ground, he gripped it tightly, feeling his blood flow through his hands.
	Drawing a breath, he charged.  The burning man looked at Jack, his face distorted, his screams barely being able to be considered human.  The sword plunged into the man’s chest, with one final gasp the man’s spirit departed his body as the flames greedily licked at him.
	Unable to bare the heat, Jack withdrew his sword and began to retreat.  He found Alice, and quickly they broke the wooden frame so as to stall the fire.  And then they made their way back to Strum’s chamber.
	Slowly many managed to get out, and many more did not.  Jack and Alice were fortunate enough to escape, and Strum with them escaped with minimal harm.
	Yet, Jack still felt haunted by what he had done to the man who had been lit on fire, and he silently swore that he would get vengeance on those that had caused such a thing to occur.
 
Chapter 29: Friendly Conversations
A bloody war ensued
as the third child sided
with his eldest brother
that the monster be punished
	
	Martin had tea with his father, listening as he explained about the exploits that happened at Dustiornect.  Of the heroes that fought bravely and the overpowering strength of the Warmen that had managed to bring them down.
	“Thus ‘twould appear that if someone were to nullify their immortality, they would have nothing.”  Martin commented.
	“Aye, their stratagems rely upon their capabilities to withstand nigh any attack.”  His father responded.  “However we need not worry about them, my son, for the king has said unto me that he shall work to unite this people as one.”
	“So be it.”  Martin replied as he finished his biscuit and tea.  “And, from the happenings on this end when thou wert captured, if a struggle doth arise in the power structure how doth we choose a new leader?”
	“Ah, I have not taught thou about this subject as thou art young.  However as your interest is piqued, and one should never shun the curious, I shall answer this for thee.  If a struggle of power doth arise from the death of the previous leader, the heir of the previous leader and the contender shall choose to either do a duel, place the contention to a vote, or else our group shall be divided asunder if both parties choose not to follow with this.”
	“So if the contender doth defeat me within a duel or the ballot, then I shall no longer be the heir to our people?”
	“That is accurate my son.”
	“Yet I am of no use with a sword, nor do I have any particular prestige with the people.  And in a duel the contender most certainly has his pick of how we shall duel, thus the mechs are forfeited should I be placed in said situation.”
	“Well, my son, I would urge thee to reevaluate how thou doth plan to carry on with the title of leader.  There are multiple ways for thou to learn and become ready for that which is to come should I suffer an untimely death.  However ‘twould be better to not dwell upon such unpleasant possibilities, for the world is full of evil theoreticals, and seldom doth one dwell upon the pleasant items within our grasp during the present hours.”
	“Aye, yet ‘tis only because of the recent calamities that hath occurred that now I seek to know this thing.  For when thou wert taken captive, ‘twas nigh an onslaught of dissolution.”
	“And thus thou doth think that knowing this thou shalt be prepared for the event of my demise?”
	“Aye, I think that with this knowledge I shall be slightly more prepared for what shall occur after thou art departed.  However I still have a lot that I wish to learn from thee that I now realize I shall need to know.  For I do not know how to lead this people.”
	“My son, think of them as thine family and it shall be more easily done, and as thou doth go through this life thou shalt learn how to do this thine task.  Remember, it is not given to any of us to be perfect, yet rather it is given to us to learn and right our mistakes that we commit.”
	“’tis more easily said than done father.  Yet I shall try.  Now excuse me, the next patch of biscuits ought to be completed now.”
	“Ah, thou doth take after thine mother in that thou art thorough in that which thou doth do.  I was never so keen with all that I didst do.  ‘tis a shame that she is no longer with us, she would be proud of who thou hast become.”
	“So thou hath said many a time already.” Martin replied as he brought in more biscuits.  The scent wafting out to brighten the stomachs of those that smell it, much like a sweet melody cheers the wary heart.
	“Thou didst learn to cook quite decently.”  Commented Martin’s Father.
	“Aye, that would be thanks to Lord Kardia’s wife.”  Lord Kardia and his wife were the parents of Elizabeth, and after Martin’s mother had passed away he had often been with them.  “I must ask thee, some say that it is because of that event that I was betrothed to Elizabeth, is this so?”
	“Doth this item matter now?  Whether this be the cause or not, thou art betrothed to her.”
	“So in thine non-answer thou doth say ‘yes, ‘tis the reason’?”
	“Thou art astute,” His father said as he laughed, “have no fear, thou shalt make a truly great leader for thine people.  Also, if thou art able, ‘twould be quite grand if thou canst be seated with me near the king come the day of his speech.”
	They continued talking for a while as they finished their tea.  Then General Apollyon left for he had much work to do.  And Martin began to study until Jack and Alice showed up at his door to explain the incidents that had occurred to the thieves’ guild.

a mighty leader born,
can thou defeat thine foe?
For thou art foresworn,
yet thine friend murdered as a guide,
his wife, and thine, are by thine side.
 
Chapter 30: Maps and Tea
In anger the two groups
separated one from another,
one led by the eldest,
the other by the next eldest

	Rain poured down the avenue, darkening all that it touched like the clouds that dropped it.  Those that were caught in the rain hurried on their way, like scattering ants that run to and thro.  Zacharius couldn’t help but compare what he was seeing outside the Puntemask Library to the stress that he was feeling.  It had all seemed fine, and suddenly it came crashing down out of nowhere.
	Sighing at his ill fortune, he raised the collar of his coat and began his walk as quickly as he could.  The rain hit him and quickly sent its chills threw his body.  He muttered to himself about the abysmal wretchedness of the day.  He was glad, though, that he did not have to take any of his work home with him.  “Of course,” he muttered, “it would be just my luck to find that I have some new task awaiting me upon my doorstep.”
	Quickly he walked, annoyed with the rain.  Because of that he failed to see the carriage heading the way opposite to him, and the puddle that it ran into.  The culmination of those two oversights was that he found that he was sprayed with the filthy water of the streets.
	He determinedly walked on.
	Finally he arrived at his home as thoughts of a warm bath and a hot meal went through his mind.  However he was quickly disturbed from those thoughts.  Like an ill-fated lightning bolt, he saw Martin at his door.  And to add more lightning bolts he noticed Jack, and Alice.  And to add a little bit of thunder he saw Elizabeth with folded arms staring at him as if he was late.
	“What is it that ye lads are doing here?”  He growled more than asked.
	“We’ve come because we find that we are in need of thine aid.”  Martin stated.
	“And we’ve been here for the last half hour or so.” Elizabeth added accusingly.  “’tis frightful weather, and the morning was so nice I left with not the proper wear for the rain.”
	“Forgive her please, for she is frail, frigid, and frightful.” Martin said to Elizabeth’s annoyance, she was about to mark a retort to Martin’s comment, however Zacharius cut her off short.
	“I think that ‘twould be a better decision to carry this on inside.”  He said this as he pushed his way through those that had come to his door, much like he’d go through a heard of angry animals.  “And no sitting upon my seats until thou art either dried as a log ready for the fire, or items be placed upon the chairs in question.”
	He then allowed them into his home, and told them to stay in the front room.  He then changed out of his wet clothes, returned, started a fire much to everyone’s delight, and began to boil some tea.  Everyone clustered around the fire and gladly accepted its welcoming warmth.
	“Now, what is it that thou doth need?”  Zacharius asked of the four friends.
	“We need help finding a place to live.”  Jack said, he then went on to explain about the fire that had occurred, destroying their previous home.  “My father is searching for somewhere for us to live, and I want to help as well, however I am unaware of a suitable location for the fifty odd thieves to live.”
	Zacharius rubbed his head as he knew that he had to help this child with his problem, and that this would only cause further headaches for him.  The rain seemed to agree, for at this moment it began raining harder.  “Ye understand that asking me to do this thing is asking me to aid and abet a criminal organization, correct?”
	“Perhaps thou wilt do this thing not to abet them, yet rather to aid them to change and become a better group than just a thieves den.”  Martin commented.  “For is it not a good thing to show good works to the ill inclined so that they might learn from thee and change their course?”
	“Martin, not now.”  Zacharius said as he sat.  “Thou might be bright, however thou hast needs to understand that I cannot do this thing that thou hast required of me.”
	“Perchance it could be that thou doth point us into the proper location.”  Elizabeth said, “For thou doth understand the layout of this city better than any other of our sources, and none other would give ear to the plea of these without a home.”
	“Elizabeth, I thought that thou doth despise thieves.”  Zacharius commented, “What didst change thine mind?”
	“’tis the truth that I despise thieves, however Alice is a friend, and I desire to aid my friend.  Not the thieves.”
	“Martin, doth thou not know of any suitable location in which they might find rest?”
	“Alas I do not.  That which I knew about has since been taken by the refugees of Dustiornect.  And now destruction hath befallen my companions abode and I am bereft of any location that would be suitable for them to dwell.  That is why we hath come unto thee for aid.”
	“Plagues be upon us.”  Zacharius said as he raised his hand to rest his head upon it.  “Here we are, and all reason has now left us as we try to aid a den of thieves in finding a new location to continue their operations.  ‘twould most certainly be better to send them to the correct authorities so that they cannot be a burden upon us.  And do not say that ye hath not been a burden upon us, for ye hath stolen our work before.  I recall that before Martin was thine comrade thine kindred held no qualms when we were the target of thine thefts.”
	“However, for the last eight years or so we haven’t stolen anything from you.”  Jack replied, and Alice quickly backed him up.  “Yes, we wouldn’t want to make enemies of our friends, after all, that is why we helped get the contraptions back.”
	“Curse the blasted world.  Very well, I shall be of assistance unto thee and thine allies this one time for cause of thine aid in retrieving the mechs.  Bring me a map.”
	Martin quickly grabbed a rolled up map from Zacharius’ library and brought it to him.  This Zacharius unrolled and began to comment about the various districts.  “The far south east field was once bereft of inhabitants, however due to the fall of Dustiornect it now is full beyond capacity.  The northern area would be of use, however it is quite close to that of the High Blood, and so security is a bit tighter around there.  However you could go to the eastern fields.  It is mostly farmers out there, and I would hate for thee to be a pestilence unto them.  However ‘twould be quite possible to set up a location within that area.  Or perchance thine father wilt have a place selected for thee already.”
	“Thank you Zacharius.”  Jack said.  “I suppose we should probably be off.  And thank you for the tea.”
	“Thou art welcome lad.  And do ye have something to cover thee within the rain?”
	“Alas no, for in our haste we did not perceive the threat that the clouds did impose upon us.”  Martin responded.
	“That is what I feared that thou wouldst say.  Very well, I have a few spare umbrellas next to my door.  Ye may borrow a few of them.  However, know thieves that I shall desire them back once more, and if ye doth steal them from me I know where ye shall make thine abode and I shall retrieve them with great force.”
	“We’ll return them first chance that we’re able.”  Alice said, bowing, as everyone took their own umbrella, except for Elizabeth.
	“Wilt thou desire an umbrella Elizabeth?”  Martin asked her.
	“No, for thou wilt return with me to mine abode prior to going unto thine.”
	“Very well.  Zacharius, God be with ye.”
	“God be with ye.”
	And with that they took their leave into the bellowing night.
?????
	That night when Jack found Strum he motioned that they needed to talk, and so Strum signaled for Jack to come down an alley way with him.  They had currently set up a temporary base along some alleyways and sewers, however they knew that it wouldn’t always be feasible to stay where they were due to the increasing guard patrols as the day of the king’s speech neared.
	“What is it that you want to speak to me about?”  Asked Strum as Jack began to fold up his umbrella.  They were standing beneath a balcony so as to be protected from the rain.
	“Father, have you found a new location yet for us?”
	“No, not yet.”
	“I have been given information about a location that might work for us.  Further east than we usually go there are some fields and little settlements on the outskirts of town.  We could set up things over there.”
	“That could work, we’ll need to go there and see it though.  Maybe tomorrow, if the weather clears up at all.” 
Chapter 31: Obit
Two mighty kingdoms arose,
each headed by one of the
elder siblings that
had gained sway.

	Major General Xerxes was clearing out his offices.  While he still wasn’t a High Blood General yet, it was less than a week until his promotion would occur.  And so he we preparing everything to be ready for that moment.  He couldn’t help but reflect on how the emptying of his office felt a bit like the emptying of his faith in the government that he had sworn to protect when he became a soldier years ago.
	Now is not the time to think of such things he reminded himself, setting a set of books on warfare within a crate. There’s only a few more days to go, I need to be ready.
	A knock entered the room, disturbing his thoughts.  “Come in.”  He called to the new arrival.
	“Major General Xerxes,” Jane said as she entered the office and saluted, “I have performed that which you requested and found all that I could on the dates that you requested.  Two events of notice occurred with those dates, Obit and Requiem.  Or at least that’s what the Puntemasks call them.”
	“Thank you Jane, if you could place the reports on my desk alongside those of Lieutenant Colonel Struhs’ that would be fantastic.”
	“Yes sir.  Is there anything else that needs to be done?”
	“Not yet.  It’s hard to imagine that within a few days we’ll have our assignment changed again.  And so shortly after the first one that we had.”
	“It is strange, however with the various out bursts happening we can hardly expect normal routines to prevail.”
	“That is true.  Thank you.”
	Jane placed her report upon the desk, saluted, and then left.  After finishing placing the books from his shelf into the crate, he took the reports from off his desk and began to read them.
	“Year 258 since the commencement of Crowthania:” he read from Jane’s report, “The Puntemask population began to have many riots occur.  From the accounts of those who are still alive after the fifty years, they claim that insurgents were sent in to ‘create chaos from everywhere’.  Many of the supposed commencers of these riots have no census records within the Puntemask archives.  That is not evidence in and of itself that the Puntemasks are correct, however, within the Puntemask census records are such notorious notables as Levi Bellfield and John Childs.  Therefore if these commencers are truly of the Puntemask descent, one must ask themselves ‘why are they not within their records?’
	“Therefore, to best explain what has occurred of this first event in the year 258, we shall go over first the proceedings of what is known, then what the archives tell, and finally the personal accounts of the survivors of Obit.  After that the process will be repeated for Requiem.
	“The proceedings:  year 258, first month unknown day: Robert Black moves from an unknown location to Dorishe and inserts himself into the Puntemask circles.  Second month day four: an unknown man reports to the officials that the Puntemasks have begun preparing weapons of war.  Second month day five: Officials storm the Puntemask headquarters in Dorishe.  Second month day 10: all of the redresses sent by the Puntemasks are denied.  Second month day 11:  Robert Black is stabbed in the leg after attempting to retrieve what was taken.  Second month day 12: heavy guard is placed over the Puntemask population.  
	“Third month day 6: the Puntemask leaders in Dorishe hold a meeting to discuss what is to be done, they decide to send an appeal to the king.  Third month day 10: according to official records a riot occurred, however testimonials of this is dubious at best, the guards storm the Puntemask headquarters again killing 12.  The commencement of ‘Obit’ starts.
	“Over the course of the next several days hundreds of the Puntemasks are killed until they are driven out of Dorishe.  Notes:  Robert Black disappeared after this event, however during the several days of Obit it said that he was seen walking with the guards.  To this day the Puntemasks still are unwelcome within Dorishe.  No king has taken the time to respond to the appeal sent by the Puntemasks.”
	After reading that, Major General Xerxes heard another knock upon his door.  Once more he told whoever it was to enter as he set the report he was reading back down onto his desk.
	In came Dracon, and Major General Xerxes quickly arose as chills ran through his spine.  He had hoped to not need to see Dracon again, however here Dracon was appearing before him like the lion appears before the antelope.
	“What do you need Dracon?”
	“I was informed that you were the one who was ordered to prepare the guards for the king’s speech.”  Dracon said as he walked around inspecting the nearly empty room as if he was stalking his prey.  “I have a few questions for you that need to be answered.”
	“And what are those?”
	“What is the likelihood of any rebellions occurring?”
	“There’s none that I’m aware of.  However we’re still doubling the normal guard as has been requested.”
	“Good.  And what about the thieves dens that have been rummaging about recently?  After all, only a few days ago a fire started from a war that has been ongoing between two of them.”
	“I do not have the jurisdiction to go after the thieves, however the guards will be prepared for them if they should come.”
	“Very well.”  Dracon said as he looked out the window, as he did this Major General Xerxes slid a book over the two reports that he had received, “One final question, the king has requested that I ascertain where every High Blood General is going to be on the day of his speech.  It is undesirable to have all of them in one location, however we want them were they will be able to watch the King’s speech.  So where will you be?”
	“I will be running security.”  Major General Xerxes said, “I will be hidden away as I take care of all the matters that are proceeding so that the King’s speech can run smoothly and without any unexpected pauses.”
	“Good.  I will want you to report to me as the event starts so that I can explain to you where the various High Blood Generals will be so that you can send out guards to protect them.  You will need to add another forty guards to accomplish this, each of the eight High Blood Generals are to receive five guards.”
	“Very well.  I will see it done.”
	“Excellent.  I will be off then.”  Dracon said as he began to leave, stopping a moment at the door to add one final comment, “Also, you should take better care of the reports that have been sent to you.”  And then he left.
	Major General Xerxes exhaled as he fell back in his chair, relieved to have it be over much like the antelope is relieved when it escapes the clutches of the lion.  However now he needed to quickly find forty more men to be trained for the guard. 
Chapter 32:  Peaceful Days
One kingdom ruled by 
the house of blood,
the other ruled by
the house of death

	Alice walked the streets of Arabor as she looked upon the stalls that the vendors had set up.  Without much thought she browsed the wares of various vendors, hoping to encounter something that she would want to have, yet everything here appeared to be of lesser quality.  There was the fruit that had flies buzzing about, ready to claim it as theirs.  There was the bread vendors hoping to rid themselves of their wares that they might return back to their homes.  As she walked the savory smell of broiled meats filled the pathway drawing her towards a small restaurant that was occupied by many scholars and Puntemasks as they consumed their breakfasts.
	Looking about, she spotted Elizabeth within the crowd, delicately drinking tea with some biscuits placed in front of her.  Alice looked on for a moment more before Elizabeth caught sight of her and waved her over.
	Like a gentle breeze Alice weaved her way through the throng of people hurrying through the street and entered the café and took a seat opposite that of Elizabeth.
	“How art thou?”  Elziabeth asked as she gently placed her tea cup down and began to spread jam on her biscuit.
	“I’m doing well, and how is yourself?”  Alice replied, taking one of the biscuits from the plate, only to have her hand swatted by Elizabeth’s.
	“If thou doth desire to have one, then thou ought to ask for permission to have that which is not thine.”
	“But if I asked, would you have given me permission?”
	“Surely not, for thou hast money of thine own and art capable of ordering a meal.”
	“Fine,” Alice said as she turned, “barkeep!”  Alice yelled, much to Elizabeth’s embarrassment as she covered herself with her hand. 
	“This is not a bar, and even if it were, the owner would not be called ‘barkeep’ yet rather ‘bartender’.”
	“If this isn’t a bar, then how am I supposed to get service?”
	“Politely ask for it from one of the waiters.”
	“All right then, so to get food I need to imitate you?”  Alice asked much to Elizabeth’s chagrin as she flagged down a waiter, “Waiter, I ‘twould like to receive a portly part of fine ale and crumpets like the madam here.  With some preserves and whatever cutlery is supposed to be used with them.”
	The waiter, in a bit of confusion, left with the strange order.  Alice then looked at Elizabeth, feeling a little worried that her smugness might show a bit too much as she felt it radiating from her face.
	“Oh heavens, why is it that I invited thee to join me here at this haven of mine?  Surely this will lead to my ruin.”  Elizabeth asked as she shook her head in embarrassment.
	“I would suppose it’s because you find me intriguing, and funny, if only in certain contexts.  And I said that we should go shopping to get you something other than frock coats to wear.”
	“I suppose that thou art correct.  And I do have some questions set for thee.  Doth thou mind if I beseech thee?”
	“Go ahead, what do you want to ask?”
	“How is it that thou doth so easily understand the speech of the Puntemask’s when we speak in a fashion that is more archaic and hardly used?  For even thine beloved doth find us to be complicated to understand.”
	“When I was growing up I heard it a bit in different fairy tales.  I always liked the archaic style.  Also, Jack isn’t all that great with language, he hasn’t focused on learning that, he just focused on scheming.”
	“Yet thou doth have such ease for having such a basic education in this matter, who are thine parents?”
	“I’m not really sure, I was lost one day and Jack found me, I’ve been with him ever since.  Do you mind if I ask you a question?”
	“I suppose I have asked plenty of questions without giving any opportunities unto thee to ask in kind.”
	“Great, thanks.  Um, why do you like Martin so much?  I mean, he obviously doesn’t really care much about you in romantic ways.  So what happened to make you love him so much?”  Alice asked, leaning in, only to notice that the waiter whom she had flagged down before had now appeared with her request.  “Oh thank you.”  Alice said as she took her food.
	“As to thine question,” Elizabeth said as she began to drink from her tea cup again.  “It has been decided quite some time ago that I and Martin would be married.  And I knew Martin before that as well, he would often come to visit after his mother died since his father would meet with my father a fair amount to discuss various items.  My father at the time had been elected to be on the local council.  At the time, Martin was a brooding lad, and my mother told me to be friends with him, though he should want to murder all the world.
	“With hesitation I would offer to play house with him, which he, of course, refused.  After a time he began to take robotic equipment with him and would fiddle about with it, and so, having overheard my parents speak with Martin’s father about the betrothal, I decided that I ought to at least become friends with him.  And so I took to working with mechs with him.  And slowly I came to be his friend, to him I am certain that it was merely an educational friendship, yet I had decided beforehand that I would love the one to whom I hath been betrothed.  As such my love for him is merely my decision to love him.”
	“Well, that was some lengthy exposition for a relatively simple answer.”  Alice said to Elizabeth’s dismay.  “Surely you could have just said ‘I love him because I chose to love him’, wouldn’t that have been simpler?”
	“Yet that sort of answer would have left much questioning about the reasons behind it, I held hopes that the exposition would shed light upon the issue that thou might find understanding and comprehension in the end part of my answer.  Surely it is good to receive an overwhelming amount of information that leaves one with a greater knowledge about the events over receiving a measly answer that leaves one questioning the meaning of said answer.”
	“Alright, let me better clarify my question, why is it that you Puntemasks speak over flowery in every circumstance?”
	“Well, if I were to give a guess I would assume that we tend to follow the poetic form of the ancient language modified so as to be understood by others who have been educated in the art of language and idioms.”
	“Alright, so essentially you all are speaking archaically so as to only have those who have an understanding of language understand you?  Isn’t that rather arrogant?”
	“Perhaps it could be misconstrued that way, however, it is rather a form to keep the older way of speaking so that we might still be able to understand the records of our ancestors.  After all, I am quite certain that if the average layman were to go forth and read the first records kept by our people they would not be able to understand the points that are being presented.  Also I see that thou hast finished thine ale and biscuits, and I have finished my biscuits and tea, so let us depart and commence the second part of our rendezvous.”
	“Certainly.”
	And so the two left, leaving behind enough money to pay for their orders.  The two went to various stores and before Elizabeth knew it Alice had helped her to buy various dresses.
	“Well, I thank thee for the enjoyable rendezvous that we have been upon.”  Elizabeth said as the two prepared to separate.
	“It was quite enjoyable, farewell.”  Alice replied.
	“God be with thee.” 
Chapter 33:  Notices
For generations they
warred one with
another.  Each eager
to go its way.

	Strum sat in the abandoned building that they had found on the outskirts of town, just as Zacharius had suggested to Jack.  Many were wondering how best to make use of this new home of theirs.  Most of the thieves had lived underground with them, however even with this new home most would still need to find another place to rest.
	Carefully he lifted the ball that Jack had stolen from the Library of the Scholars.  Obviously it had been made by the Puntemasks, however he needed to figure out how to use it.  The tinkerer that they had taken, Strum recalled that his name was Ryan, had failed to identify how to activate the device.
	He felt the ornate designs made around the orb, they seemed to be strange inscriptions that he couldn’t read.  They were unlike the Crowthanian writing system and Strum didn’t know enough about the Puntemasks to ascertain what these symbols could possibly mean to them.  He had also found that the orb was made of two parts, and these two halves slid along each other.  There were also six holes within.  Four along the area that slid along each other, four half circles on each side that aligned to make a complete circle, and two full circles on opposite ends of the orb at the centers of the two halves.
	They had tried to find what these were for, however nothing could be learned from it.  “You know, you could still return that to the Puntemasks.”  Jack said as he entered through the door.  “I’m sure that Martin could better explain to us how to use it and allow us to use it for finding it.”
	“That may be true.  However we will need this full time and without restraints.  The Puntemasks would most certainly want to know what we are planning to do with it.”
	“But they do have a right to it.”
	“Son, in two days our world as we know it is going to change.  We don’t have time to have a moral dilemma on what to do with this orb.  We are going to need as much energy as we can get, this gives us that energy.”
	“Only if we can learn how to use it.  Which I agree, we’ll need it.  However without the energy from it it’s useless to us.  It’s better to have access to it under constraints by the Puntemasks than no access at all from our ignorance.”
	“Do you understand why the scholars wanted it?”
	“Because of intellectual curiosity correct?”
	“Perhaps, and do you know what the purpose of the scholars is?”
	“To learn everything and share everything.”
	“That is somewhat correct.  As you know, after I survived the murder of King Nicamor, may his blood ever be high, I began to try to understand everything about this kingdom.  There are lots of mysteries in our history.  Such as where the Puntemasks come from, what is the goal of the scholars, and what happened to the original records of our people?
	“There are many guesses on these matters.  However no one has given any logical answer to these questions.  If the scholars want to know everything and share everything, why then did they refuse to accept King Garsen’s offer to share all of their library files?”
	Strum paused a moment waiting for an answer, an answer that Jack couldn’t find, and so he continued “they don’t want to share everything.  And they probably don’t care to know everything.  From my studies into them, I rather believe that they want to know everything about the special born, the children of Crowthan.
	“You recall the old fairytale that children often would be told.  That, in brief, once there lived a great magician who found the source of infinite power, and so he consumed this power, and afterword, when his wife bore children, they were special.”
	Here Strum was cut off by Jack, “yes, I recall the fairytale, ‘the first was born, noble and true, the second was deceitful and cruel, the third was valiant and strong, the last was evil and wrong.’ But what of it?”
	“Each of the four had a different ability, far above that of what is currently possible.  However each was to represent a different group.  The first represents the Bloodmen, the second represents the Necromancers in Draconia, the third represents the Warmen, and the last represents the Psychics, again in Draconia.
	“These people are superhuman.  Their powers are far above that of a normal beings, and with that they have come to rule over us.  The Scholars, I believe, want to find an effective way to combat these people.  Against a Warman, nothing will work to hurt them.  You would need a different weapon to fight them, and I think that this device is important to that.  They are on to something, and I’m not sure that it’s going to be good when they achieve it.”
	“But what can we do about them?”
	“The Bloodmen?  The Warmen?  Or the scholars?”
	“All of them, none of them, I don’t know.”  Jack said in frustration.  “Sorry that I said anything about the orb.  I just don’t want Martin to be blasted mad with me when he learns that I’ve known where it was all along.  This isn’t what I was expecting to talk about when I came in here.”
	“And what were you planning on talking about?”
	“Where are we going to send the thieves?  There isn’t enough room here for everyone.”
	“That is true, we still need to expand our area of operation.”  Strum said as he leaned forward.
	“Where would you like us to search?”
	“We need not search.  We need to begin to operate various businesses.  This place needs to become a tavern from which we can expand our operations.  If we have a front for what we do, then we can make it appear as if our undertakings are legal.  And now that as far as everyone is concerned the Arabor Thieves Guild is no more, we can begin to operate without people suspecting us.  However that doesn’t mean that we can just do whatever we want.
	“And back to your question, we’ll find a stable that we can buy, so as to be an addition to our humble inn, or at least that’s what we’ll tell everyone.  However in it we shall store our men until we can find a better place for them to stay.”
	“So be it.”  Jack said as he turned to leave.
	“Oh, Jack, I also need you to deliver some messages to various people.”
	“And who would these people be?”
	“That Puntemask friend of yours and the Major General.  Tell the Major General that in two days, on the day of the speech, as the sun rises, to meet us at the library of the Scholars.  And tell your Puntemask friend to meet us at the Puntemask Library before the sun rises on the same day.  It’s finally time for us to learn what is inside of that passage way.”
	“Very well.”  Jack said, and with that he set off to deliver his two messages.  As a bearer of foul news he told Major General Xerxes the message, this news was accepted as if he had been given a death order.  Martin received his message in a much better state than that of Xerxes, eager to learn what the code had been about.
 
Chapter 34: The Day of the Speech
All of their descendants
found that they each gained
a small part of their powers,
and all gained their invulnerabilities. 

	As time likes to do when one is looking forward to something, it will travel quite lethargically, crawling slower than a turtle as it approaches that which one desires.  And when something is not wanted, time will run to it much like a speeding hare goes after the carrots.  And for some reason the turtle and the hare always arrive at the same time.  And so it was for Martin and Major General Xerxes.
	The two days passed and Martin found himself waiting at the Puntemask Library with Elizabeth.  He had invited her to come, knowing that she would want any excuse to skip the kings speech, for, as she said, “It shall, no doubt, be quite dull and without wit,” and so when she was told that she could come with him to find out what the thieves wanted, she eagerly volunteered to join him on this adventure.
	“Art thou certain that thou didst hear correctly when that fool of a thief informed thee that this is the hour in which we shall meet?”  Elizabeth asked as she twirled her pocket watch impatiently.
	“Most assuredly, for Jack did say that they were desirous to commence at an early hour upon this operation so as to have the utmost use of the time that is given unto them.”
	“Very well, yet then the question is where is he?  And I do not desire to hear any sophistry that be in his aid.”
	“I shall give none.  But look, here he comes now, ‘twould be best if thou didst not speak ill of him for it doth appear that he is accompanied by Alice and Mei Omi, as well as another figure whom I know not.”
	“Whomever it might be, he ought to be prepared to be insulted if he makes an arrogant and ignorant mistake.”
	“And thou ought to be prepared for the very same.”  Martin said quietly as he rose from where he had been sitting.  “Jack, finally thou hath arrived, and who is this new companion whom I know not?”
	“He’s my father.”  Jack said, “He’s the one that has prepared this operation.”
	“’tis a pleasure to meet thee, father of Jack.”  Martin replied.
	“Believe me, the pleasure is all mine.  It’s thanks to you that we are able to commence this operation.”  Strum said.  “Now we have one more person whom we must gather before we can begin this operation.”
	“Before we depart,” Martin commented, “are we certain that we desire for Alice to accompany us with her leg that is still healing?  For wouldn’t this sort of activity be detrimental to her wellbeing?”
	“While normally I would agree with you, there are somethings that she too must learn here.  But we will help her as she needs it.”
	“Very well, for it is thine plan, and who is this being that we are going to retrieve?”  Martin asked Jack as they set off, and Elizabeth began to converse with Alice about various occurrences within the kingdom and the lack of wit that the king’s speech was sure to have.
	“Major General Xerxes.”  Jack said, “He’s a Warman in the army, and he owes my father a favor.”
	“And thus thine father doth prove himself to be a cunning snake.”  Martin replied.
	“And a very good snake at that.”  Strum jovially retorted.  “For the snake is able to wind its way through many obstacles.”
	“I know, ‘tis the reason that I choose the snake to represent thee.”  Martin replied.
	Before long they arrived at the Library of the Scholars, however Xerxes was nowhere to be found there.
	“You did deliver the message, didn’t you Jack?”  Strum asked as he examined his nails.
	“I did.  He said that he’d try to be here.”
	“Well, evidently he has failed in that.  I guess we’ll need to go with plan b.”
	“Ooh!  What’s plan b?”  Mei Omi asked excitedly.
	“We’re going to kidnap him.  He owes me a favor, and he’s going to pay me back one way or another.  If he doesn’t want to come willingly, I’ll make him come anyways.”
	“That sounds fun.”
	“Art thou insane?  For thine brain certainly doth not appear to function as it ought.”  Elizabeth commented to Mei Omi.
	“Relax, she’s funny.”  Alice said as wobbled to Mei Omi and put her arm around her.  “Or at least to me she is.”
	“Enough of this, let’s go to him now.” Strum said as he began to walk down the road.
	They wound their way along empty roads as the sun arose in the distance, as if to say that though they saw no one, that it would still be watching them as they walked on their way.  After a while they came near to the town center, and Strum told Mei Omi, Martin, and Elizabeth, to all stay back as he, Jack, and Alice went to retrieve Xerxes.
	Silently they crept along the road as if they were one with the shadows that lingered there.  Strum held up a hand, signaling Jack and Alice to stop as he saw Xerxes talking to Dracon.  Xerxes saluted and Dracon walked off, leaving Xerxes alone.  Strum and Alice then fell back, leaving Jack to begin the operation to kidnap Xerxes.
	Upon the ground he found a few small sized pebbles that he picked up and began to toss in Xerxes direction.  Curious as to where these small rocks were coming from, Xerxes began to look around.  Upon looking in the alleyway Jack waved at him.  Xerxes then began to come down the alleyway, muttering under his breath.
	Jack went further down the alleyway, always making sure that Xerxes was following him like the rabbit follows the trail of bait before the trap springs shut upon it.  And as this rabbit thought that it would finally reach its prize, the trap sprang shut as Strum came out of the shadows behind Xerxes and placed a chloroformed rag under his nose.  There was a moments struggle before Xerxes fell unconscious.  And then the three took him back with them.
	“Is he a drunkard?”  Elizabeth asked upon seeing Xerxes with them.
	“Not so, he’s just a chloroformed-ard.”  Strum replied, laughing at his own joke.
	“And why do we desire him when he is in this state?”  Martin asked, taking Mei Omi away from examining the unconscious Xerxes.
	“We’ve also brought some items to wake him up later on.  Until then we best transport him like this.”  Strum answered back.
	They then began their journey to the small garden wherein they originally found the code.  The further the sun arose, the more people came out into the streets.  It was as if the sun was calling them from their slumber and beckoning them to come out this fine day to view the world.
	With utmost secrecy they worked their way around everything and everyone.  No one managed to find them during their time traveling to their destination.  Their only difficulty was in finding a way in which to transport Major General Xerxes above the wall.  They ended up deciding to tie Major General Xerxes onto the back of Strum and Jack, and the two together would take General Xerxes up and over the wall.
	After crossing the wall and arriving at the stone upon the small river island, Strum tied Xerxes to the stone, with his hands behind his back, a noose around his neck, and Alice held a knife near his head should he decide to struggle and break his bonds.
	When these precautions where put into place, Strum waved some salts under his nose, and quickly Major General Xerxes awoke.
	“What in the eternals’ name are you doing?”  Xerxes growled.
	“You wouldn’t make good on your promise, so we’re doing that for you.” Strum said.  “And I’m glad that you’re not struggling, that would not have ended well for you.”
	“Why would I struggle when you have a person poised to stab my head should I attempt it?  And what do you want me to do then?”
	“That’s a good point.”  Strum said laughing, before turning serious again, “As for your second question, I want you to come with us to discover what is being kept hidden.” 
	“And what’s to stop me from breaking away from you the moment that I am no longer in danger?”
	“Well, you don’t really know where we are, you’ll need us to take you back.  And furthermore, are you not a man of your word?  Will you not honor our agreement?”
	“So you’re saying that essentially you are trusting on my honor and that I don’t know where we are?”
	“I’m saying that I’m trusting on who you are that you won’t make any rash decisions.  Now let’s begin.  Alice, untie him please, and you can put that knife away now.”
	“Very well.” Alice said as she slid her dagger back into its sheath and began to untie the rope.  As she was near Xerxes, she whispered to him “Don’t make any rash move, we don’t want you to make any decisions that will aversely effect you that you cannot come back from.”
	He then arose from where he was seated and the party traveled to the wall and the source of the water.
	“We’re going to enter from a secret way, and to do so we’re going to need some various things to be done.”  Strum said as he leaned against the shadow beast head spewing out water from its mouth.
	“Where’s the entrance that you speak of?”  Major General Xerxes asked.
	“It’s right here.”  Strum replied as he laid his hand upon the stone head.
	“I don’t get it.”  Jack said as he scratched his head.
	“The gate I am, and am not, thus duo usage for the entrance.” Martin began to recite.  “In place of fire, I spew water, thus water comes out of it, and according to some legends the shadow beasts breathe fire.  If thou seekest my passage, I’ll devour thee, it’s through a mouth that we need to go.  A warrior you’ll need, who’ll die not, obviously a Warman.  And royal blood to break the gate, we’ll need one of the Bloodmen, or the high blood, to upon the gate for us.  For if that you lack, you’ll meet your fate, it’s warning us not to enter if we do not have the two groups, Bloodmen and Warmen, with us for then we shall die attempting to enter.  We now have a Warman, however we do not have a Bloodman.”
	Here Xerxes gasped as realization dawned upon him, and Strum nodded that he was right.
	“We actually do have one of the high blood with us.”  Strum said, “However he doesn’t know it, his name is Jack.”
	Here Martin, Elizabeth, Alice, and Mei Omi, all looked at Jack in shock, wondering how he could not have known he was a Bloodmen.
	“But do not the high blood have abilities?  If so why doth Jack not have any ability, unless his ability is dull wittedness?  However, that would be quite absurd for a special power.”  Elizabeth asked Strum.
	“He has had no need to develop his ability, nor knowledge that he even has an ability, which is why he hasn’t developed it.  But I have no doubt that it is there.”  Strum explained.
	“And how is it that Jack did become one of the high blood?”  Martin asked.  “After all, one cannot just become one of the high blood.  Art thou saying that thou art also of high blood?  Or didst thou kidnap Jack as an infant?”
	“That is true, it all began a long time ago.  Jack, you’ll remember the story that I told you about how King Nicamor died along with his entire family?  Will that story wasn’t quite true.  I saved the child from his fate, and that child was you.”
	“Wait, you mean that I’ve been in love with the rightful king, and he has been in love with me, and all I’ve gotten for it is a place to live in the sewers?”  Alice asked incredulously. 
	“So, if it be that Jack is indeed born of high blood as is claimed, then we have all that is needed so as to enter into the hidden passage.”  Martin commented, “As such, let us go into the entrance now.”
	“And so we should.”  Major General Xerxes added. “We don’t have all day, and the sooner that we take care of this the better.”
	“Very well, Jack, I need your hand.”  Strum said as he leaned against the fountain head while taking at knife.  “We’re going to need to cut your hand and have you place your hand in the mouth.”
	Uncertainly Jack gave his father his hand, which his father lightly cut.  “Now just place your hand within its mouth.”  Strum said.
	Jack placed his hand within the fountain’s head, the water began to turn red as the water stole his blood.  The ground began to shake and moan lightly, as if the fountain was displeased with what was placed within it.  Everyone began to take a few steps back as the ground in front of the stone that had contained the code that they had spent much time deciphering sank down, creating a passageway.
	“How does this even work?”  Jack asked as he withdrew his hand from the fountain head.
	“’tis rather quite simple Jack.”  Martin replied, “Every person of high blood has a different ability.  No doubt one of these people had the ability to create structures and switches with his blood.  As such I would assume that when thou didst place thine hand within the fountain’s head it set off a trigger that made the blood retreat, opening up this passageway for us.  Without a doubt, if someone else who was not of high blood had tried to do what thou didst do they would have found an unfortunate surprise upon them.”
	“How did you come upon that answer so quickly?”  Alice asked.
	“When one is in doubt, upon looking at the signs of logic around the riddle, and removing all that is impossible, one shall discover the answer to one’s inquiry no matter how ridiculous it may appear at first.”
	Strum and Xerxes entered the tunnel first with weapons readied, followed by the four children and Mei Omi. The dirt quickly began to fade out and was replaced with a smooth red tunnel, which they all understood had to be blood.  It felt as if they were walking through a monsters throat into its stomach.
	“Whoever decided the decoration for this place really ought to return back to the drawing board, they overuse the color red a tad bit too much.”  Elizabeth commented as she looked around.  “Although indeed I must grant that their circular model makes for an interesting structure, however, they should have a few more light sources so as to brighten the mood of the area.”
	“I think that’s the point.”  Alice replied as she clutched onto Jack’s arm.  She would have grabbed his hand, however he was clenching it so as to deter the flow of blood to the cut he had received.
	“Ah, I rather like it.”  Mei Omi said.  “It makes me think of home, and death, especially death.  I like death.”
	“Nonetheless, one could have formed a more interesting structure, for even adding simple mathematical expressions upon the walls would have made this a more interesting experience.”
	“Martin, only you would want that.”  Jack responded.
	“Not quite true.  For I also desire to have such formations upon the walls.  At least then we would surely know that the maker of this place was an intelligent being rather than a dark disturbing person.”  Elizabeth replied.
	“Thou might see that it is false what thou didst say.  For there is at least another person that doth think in accordance with me on the item of having these expressions upon the walls.”
	“But having those expressions would ruin the mood in here!”  Mei Omi said, a little louder then intended as her voice echoed within the cavern.
	“All of you, quiet.”  Strum ordered.  “There’s a door not far ahead that we’ll need to travel through.  I don’t want to give anyone a heads up on the other side.  Xerxes will go through first, and we’ll follow him.”
	Everyone became silent after that, and Major General Xerxes opened the red door.  The other side of the door contained a long hallway, this one no longer red nor round.  Rather it was made out of stone and was rectangular.
	“In you go.”  Strum said to Major General Xerxes as he gestured towards the door.
	Hesitantly he walked into the room, and three blades whirled out and hit him in the chest.  Those on looking gasped, certain that if anyone else had entered there they would have died.  However, due to Major General Xerxes heritage, he stood unharmed from the triggered blades that had come out of the wall, much like how a blade has no effect against stone.
	“Well, I suppose now we know why it is that we needed the Warman.”  Martin commented, “The probability of the entire hall being filled with these traps is exceedingly high, however, if Major General Xerxes goes first there should be nothing for us to worry about.”
?????
	Not far behind the party a shadowing figure followed them, taking careful note to not make a noise as the children before him chattered away.  After they had passed through the first hall slowly he went through it as well, resetting every trap that they had sprung so that it would be ready again should some other group decide to pass through it.
	He would make sure that these people did not find anything of worth from their intrusion into the secret hall.  Like a cloud of darkness he would obscure their passage, and when they think that they have found him, he would dissipate without a trace. 
Chapter 35: Speakers and Secrets
And so they began to form two
great kingdoms. The kingdom
of Blood, and the Kingdom
of the Dead.

	Zacharius saw General Apollyon seated on top of the platform that had been erected for this occasion.  It was quite large with ten cushioned chairs on either side of the platform, and a few feet forward from those chairs were seven ornate chairs in the middle.  General Apollyon was seated on the seventh chair in, and Zacharius knew that his place would be the sixth chair in as had previously been told to him.
	Normally he would have been the fifth, however Martin had declined to attend this event due to “other obligations made before knowledge that they would be invited to this event”, and thus Zacharius was to take his place in the seating order.
	“How art thou?”  Zacharius asked as he sat next to General Apollyon and shook his hand.
	“I be quite well.  The weather is swell, as such no complaints tarry upon my mind.”  General Apollyon responded.  “And how art thou this fine morn my friend?”
	“The weather has found me well.  Nonetheless I find that I would rather be somewhere else at the moment, I have never been one for crowds, especially seeing as I am in the forefront of it.”  Zacharius said as he looked about, gesturing towards the crowds that were slowly entering the area and taking seats.
	Chuckling, General Apollyon replied “Alas neither am I, however thou art fortunate in that thou hath no need to speak in front of the populace.  Whereas I shall speak in front of them.”
	“I pity thee sir.  However I assume that this is better than the prison cell in which thou wert kept.  For here, at least, thou canst see thine own kindred.”
	“That is certainly true my friend.  However we must needs end our conversation for I see that the king is coming onto the stand.”  And with that they arose, as did all of the others that had been seated, both on the stand and in the crowd.  Zacharius had not noticed that they had filled the chairs in the stand, save for three that were in the middle. 
	On his right sat five more Puntemasks, and on General Apollyon’s left sat three Scholars.  The middle seven chairs had been reserved for those of high blood, and four of the king’s relatives sat on either end of the seven chairs, leaving three for the king, his wife, and his child.  On the other side sat three more scholars, and finally there sat seven commoners who appeared awed to be invited to such an assemblage.
	Slowly the king walked to his chair and sat down, after that everyone returned to their seats.  All conversations had ended as they listened for what would happen next.
?????
	“We go through all this trouble, and all that we find is a stupid little library?  What happened to having treasures on end?  I was looking forward for some weird rare artifact.”  Alice dejectedly said as she fell into a chair.
	They had found this library at the end of one of the corridors, and while Martin and Elizabeth excitedly began to search through the books, as if they had just received a great present, Jack and Alice were lost.  Strum on the other hand quickly began to search the titles, and Major General Xerxes was posted outside to keep guard.
	“Alice, don’t be so down.”  Strum said as he searched through the books.  “Often time’s knowledge is the best treasure that one can find.  And here we have a great field of hidden treasures.”
	“That’s great and all.”  Alice said as she watched the others, noticing Mei Omi laying on the floor staring at the pages of a book.  “But I can’t read, and so these are utterly pointless to me.”
	“Well, Alice,” Jack began to say as he sat down next to her, “I did tell you that I’d teach you how to read before, shall we begin?”
	“Let’s.”  Alice replied, and quickly they entered a room a little bit down from them, taking a book with them.
	“Doth thou think that they truly are going to study the art of reading?”  Elizabeth asked Martin after Jack and Alice had left.
	“I know not, nor does it matter to me.”  Martin replied as he studied his book.  “Truly this is fascinating, for it here declares that King Nicamor had been working upon a plan before his death, and King Garsen seems to have found the plan and continued working upon it.  We ought to see if we can find a book titled ‘The Plan of Prosperity, or How to Dominate the Mind’.”
	“How to what?”  Strum said, suddenly interested and coming over to him.
	“The Plan of Prosperity, or How to Dominate the Mind.”  Martin responded.  “It sounds quite interesting, especially considering that the king was desirous to begin a plan entitled the Plan of Prosperity.”
	“We ought to see if such a book exists within this library.”  Elizabeth said as she began to search the various shelves.
	“Agreed.”  Strum said as he and Martin began to search the books as well, Martin having placed the first book into one of his inner pockets.
	“Mei Omi, would thou be able to move thine self to another location as we search for a book?”  Martin asked Mei Omi after they had searched for a while, and there was one last bookshelf that she was laying in front of.
	“Sure, what book are you looking for?”  Mei Omi asked as she arose with her book.
	“The Plan of Prosperity, or How to Dominate the Mind.”
	“Oh!  You mean this book!”  Mei Omi said holding up her small book that someone had entitled “The Plan of Prosperity”, and in smaller letters it said “or How to Dominate the Mind”.
	“From whence didst thou find this?”  Elizabeth asked.
	“It was on the shelf and sounded interesting.  I was hoping that it would be about the psychics, but they’re not mentioned once so far.”  Mei Omi said this as if it was a truly sad thing to talk about dominating the mind and not mention the psychics.
	“We’ll need that.”  Strum said.
 “Sure, but if it says anything about the psychics I’ll want it back.”  Mei Omi said as she handed the book to him.
	“Very well.  And we should be leaving this place quickly.  Elizabeth, get Jack and Alice.  Martin, get Xerxes.”
?????
	Everyone clapped as General Apollyon gave his final remarks and returned to his seat from the lectern.
	“Quite a good speech sir.”  Zacharius said as General Apollyon sat and one of the men in the center seats arose to continue conducting the meeting.
	“Thank you Marthias Apollyon for your comments, and we hope that we can indeed have a stronger and united nation.  Now, finally, our gracious king, King Garsen the Seventh, will address us and begin to explain to us about the new age that we are entering, this, the age of prosperity.”
	With that the man returned to his seat as King Garsen the Seventh arose from his.  King Garsen went to the front of the platform, and began to address his subjects.
	“My people!  My comrades!  My Friends!”  The king said in a boisterous voice so as to be heard everywhere.  “We have gathered here so that we all might start a new world together, forge it out of the old one from which we come.  And to do that, we must cease our fighting among each other.  We must not allow ourselves to be overcome by false enemies that our true enemies throw at us.  We must be stronger than that!”
	The crowd erupted with cheers at that, and rising his hands King Garsen silenced the people so that he could continue speaking.
	“To become stronger though, we must follow certain steps that will allow us to become a great society and achieve the plan of prosperity.  There are four steps that we must collectively take, and they are…”
?????
	The man in shadows silently cursed at himself, he had lost the group.  They had decided to turn back, and so he had flowed down the hall and out of their sight.  Only they didn’t go down as far as he was expecting.  They instead had gone down another corridor and had lost him.
	Echoing noise came down a hall as a man ran.  The man in shadows stole himself away as he saw that Major General Xerxes was running down the hall, not with the others from his group. 
Chapter 36: Death
Both in constant war,
both attempting to achieve
that which they view
as proper justice.

	Major General Xerxes ran down the hall as fast as he could, making for what was the exit.  The building was a labyrinth, and he had no clue as to where the ending of it lay.
	He rounded a corner when he saw five Warmen led by Dracon.
	There he stopped, panting.  The five Warmen rushed around him, and Dracon began to question him “how did you escape?”
	In between pants, Xerxes began to explain “I saw… an opening… and I took… it.”
	“Well isn’t that nice.”  Dracon said as he circled around Xerxes, like a hawk examining its prey. “And what sort of opening was this?”
	By now Xerxes had regained his breath, “They poisoned me, and had the cure in a separate area.  They did not know that there is a Blood Man who can cure poisons.  As such they placed me to stay outside of a door while they searched it, not thinking that they needed to have me under supervision due to having the poison within me.  And since I found the strategic time to run, I did so.”
	“Two of you, take this man to the infirmary so that he can receive the antidote.  The rest, come with me.”  Dracon said as he began to go down the hall, before stopping to ask one final question, “Tell me, where is it that they were?”
	“In a room entitled ‘the study’.”
	“Thank you, now take him in haste.  We can’t lose this man, for I’m going to need to question him some more once he recovers.”  And with that he began to race down the hallways making his way to ‘the study’.
?????
	“What a splendid view we have from here.”  Elizabeth commented as they crawled out of a window frame onto the edge of the building that they had entered.  “Why look!  There’s the King giving his speech!”
	Everyone looked where she was pointing and saw that, indeed, the king was giving his speech.  And whoever had designed the theatre had done quite well as the noise managed to reach them from where they stood on the building, though they had to strain to hear it.
	“Next we must acknowledge that the traditions of the past do not hold true, we must acknowledge that we, each and every one of us, are responsible for the wellbeing and happiness of our neighbors!”  The king said, faintly being heard by those atop the roof.
	The king continued speaking, however they stopped paying attention as they slid across the roof to a better location to plan how to get out of the building now that they didn’t have Major General Xerxes to protect them.
	As they finally slid to a better location where they were not against a wall yet rather had the roof top under them, they sat down to begin plotting how to escape.
	“However, some people here have not thought of the collective, and with their talents have fought against the world that we have been building.  These people need to be taught a valuable lesson, one that they can never forget.”  The King said to an excited crowd.
	“What do you think of that?”  Strum asked as he surveyed the surrounding area.  “Some people have fought against his precious dreams.”
	“Well,” Martin began, “he is talking about how we all ought to aid our brethren.  And that there are certain people who do fight against that, who plunder from others.  These people he doth cry ought to learn a lesson.  And ‘tis true I must say.”
	“But let’s let bygones be bygones, and to show that all of us shall start again in good faith we have invited some from every grouping within the kingdom to come up here with us and be seated as equals.  We shall drink a toast to a new start!  A new opportunity!  And a new world!”  With that, three men from the sides of the stage came on, and gave every one of the people on the platform something.
	From out of one of her pockets Elizabeth took a collapsible telescope and began to look through it see what they were handing out.
	“They are giving them cups!  Scarlet red cups, and now their being filled with red wine.  Oh this is most certainly a fascinating turn of events!”  Elizabeth said as she watched.
	“There you are!”  A voice cried, a voice that the children recognized to be from Dracon.  “Come here now and your sentence will be light, but if you continue to run, you will find that there will be no mercy for you.”
	“Come and get us!”  Strum said as everyone but Elizabeth suddenly arose.  
“Wait!”  Elizabeth cried, “They are drinking, and, and, and the Puntemasks are falling over!  Something was in the wine!  But no, the scholars are fine and received the same wine as the Puntemasks!”
	“Some of our comrades have fallen,” The king said, “These men thought to drink from the wine of friendship with ill intent.  Those of their kind are unfit to be with us.  We must purge ourselves from such beings as them.  The Puntemasks are an unfit group and need to be exterminated as their leaders themselves have shown in example!”
	With that the crowd broke into wild cheers, and Martin collapsed on his knees, seeing his father die alongside that of Zacharius, and several other of the Puntemask leaders.
	“Martin!  Elizabeth!  We haven’t time for this!  We must move now!”  Strum yelled at them as he began to run.  Elizabeth, realizing that they soon would not have another day to mourn their loss should they not move, grabbed Martin and began to run as Dracon was almost onto the roof.
	“Not so fast young thieves!”  Dracon shouted as he leaped to the point that they were at and drew out his rapier.  “All of you shall die, here and now, to pay for your insolence!”
	Jack ran back to where Martin and Elizabeth were on the roof and drew his two daggers from his belt as he fell into a crouch.  “Go!  Quickly, I’ll catch up!”
	“So, you’d sacrifice yourself for them?”
	“No, I’m not sacrificing myself, I’m going to live to see another day.”
	“Good luck boy, I cannot let you leave alive.”  And with that Dracon sent a series of slashes forward and was parried by Jack.
	“Why not?  I’m just a petty thief.”
	“If you were able to get here that means that one of you is a Bloodman, it cannot be the Puntemask, and the only other option is the thief.”  Dracon said as he eased towards Jack.
	“So you’re saying that I’m a Bloodman?  Do you know how ridiculous that sounds?”  Replied Jack as he stepped back, almost falling off the ledge.
	“It might sound ridiculous to those who don’t know any better.  Yet it is finally falling into place.  I knew that one day you would appear, and when you did, it would be time for me to finally finish my mission and end your life.”  Dracon said, taking off his gloves.
	“So, you knew that I was the heir?”
	“Not you specifically, but yes, I knew that the heir was quite likely alive, and so I was prepared for the day that you would end up showing yourself.”  As Dracon said this, he grabbed Jack’s shirt and hoisted him over the ledge.
	“Wait!”  Jack shouted as he began to grab onto Dracon’s arm.  “Shouldn’t you serve me since you know that I’m the rightful heir?”
	“My duty is to the betterment of the kingdom, the current king is better for us all.  While your sacrifice will not be known by many, know that it will aid in improving your country.”
	Jack’s shirt then turned into blood as Dracon shook Jack’s arm off him.
	Air began to fly past Jack as he fell.  Terrified, he managed to grab onto the ledge.  Lightning shot through his arm as it absorbed the shock from stopping his fall.
	“So you stopped yourself.  Quite impressive.”  Dracon commented from beyond Jack’s gaze.
	“Yeah,” Jack replied as he struggled to pull himself up.
	“Now, I’m a generous man.”  Dracon said as Jack heard his footsteps nearby his hands.  “I don’t believe in killing those who are defenseless when they are preparing for combat.  So I’ll give you an offer.  Come back here and have a fight to the death, or try to sneak away and I will end your life now.”
	“Why should I trust you when you tried to just kill me?”
	“That then was a different issue.  I did not see you as a warrior then, yet your tenacity has shown that you might be able to give a fight.  If it is a duel, I will honor it so long as you do.”
	“I’ll come up and fight you.”  Jack replied.
	Suddenly a cold hand grabbed Jack’s and effortlessly pulled him onto the ledge again.  Jack pulled out two daggers from sheathed behind his back, lowered his center of gravity, and began to adjust himself away from the ledge.
	“You really don’t waste time now do you?  I like that.”  Dracon said as he prepared his rapier.
	Dracon suddenly lunged, was blocked.  Jack slashed forward, Dracon slid back.  A left slash, right slash, catching Jack’s arm.  Dracon lunged, Jack jumped back, blood dripping.  Left slash. Jack slashed.  Right slash cutting deeper into Jack’s arm.  Dagger thrown.  Dracon slid back.  A second dagger flew, Dracon slid back again, almost falling off of the ledge.  Dracon jumped forward, and Jack was no longer there.
	“Dishonorable filth.” Dracon said as he began to climb to the top of the roof to find the intruders.  The only evidence was the blood trail left by Jack from his wounded arm.  Turning around he saw the three Warmen that had come with him now standing on the ledge where he had just fought.
	“Go back to protecting the king.”  Dracon ordered as he began to follow the blood trail.
	The trail led to a rope that was tied between two buildings.  Jack was climbing across, his injured arm obviously a hindrance as Jack grunted in pain every time he moved forward.  The other intruders were on the other side, urging Jack to move quicker as one of them held a knife, prepared to cut the rope once Jack was on the other side.
	Grabbing the rope, Dracon felt the vibrations running through it.  He could completely sense the rope as he used his energy to turn the rope into blood, making it a part of him that would obey his command in becoming his.
	Jack’s grasp on the rope disappeared as the rope itself turned into blood, leaving Jack above the walkway with nothing to hold onto.  Those on the other side of the rope yelled out as he fell.  Except for one who moved his way back.
	After moving back, Martin charged forward and jumped off the building.  Upon seeing Jack’s injured arm, Martin suspected that Dracon would be able to easily follow them and find the rope, then it would be easy for him to cut the rope and send Jack plummeting to his death, especially considering that Jack’s arm was injured.  As such, Martin had tied a rope around a makeshift harness on his waist so that if need be he could jump off the ledge and go after Jack.  However, Martin was not gaining on Jack, and at this rate Jack would hit the ground before Martin could rescue him.
	For a moment it felt to Martin as if he was a bird flying after a prey that would forever be out of his reach.  However, Martin understood that if he jumped after Jack, he would need something to push him down or else he would miss catching Jack.  As such he pulled out a steam capsule that he had kept in his pocket, whipped himself around, so that he could see the sky, and snapped it in half.
	An explosion kicked Martin down as a cloud appeared obscuring all that he could see as frost bit at him from the steam that was escaping.  Vision blurred, he felt as if he was soaring, and then he saw Jack begin to rise above him as he flew past Jack.  Reaching out, they managed to grab onto each other.  Martin braced for pain, and suddenly their fall stopped as they ran out of slack.  Pain shot through Martin’s body as he struggled to hold onto Jack.  Jack grabbed onto the rope as Martin’s vision went blurry, and they saw Dracon seething in anger.  Suddenly, Martin’s vision vanished.
?????
	“Are you certain that he is indeed the rightful heir?”  King Garsen the seventh asked Dracon after the speech had finished.
	“I am certain of it.  We knew that thieves had broken into the castle the night that you sent me to assassinate your brother.  We assumed that they had killed your nephew, but since there was no body I made blood in his crib.  It would appear that the thieves kept him alive, we don’t know what he’ll do or how tainted he has become.”  Dracon replied.
	“Do you think that the people will follow him?”
	“Currently he does not have any way to prove that he is the king.  But that may not matter if your plan does not function.  If the people fail to become loyal to you, any usurper can take your throne.”
	“And what about you?  Are you tempted to become loyal to he who is the rightful heir?”
	“No.  Upon fighting with him I found him to be a dishonorable coward.  He would make a dreadful king and would ruin this nation.  My loyalties lie only with you.”
	“Good, then let us prepare to destroy him along with the Puntemasks that aided him.  We must exterminate this threat before it grows.”
	“Yes your liege.  I will see it done.”

 
Epilogue
Forever stuck in their
conflict.  Fighting, neither
side claiming victory.
Both in constant struggle.

	Martin led The Puntemasks out from Arabor.  After the king’s speech had been given the Puntemasks had fled Arabor.  All who remained would be executed by order of the king.
	Looking back he saw the caravan that he was leading going out in the middle of the night so as to escape the scorn that was sure to be thrown at them from the towns people.
	As they went forth Elizabeth grabbed his hand, attempting her best to aid her friend now that he was thrust into the position of being the leader of the Puntemasks without being able to ask for aid from the previous counsellors.  And so with little knowledge they made their way out.
	As they exited Arabor they saw three people standing out in the distance, whom they quickly recognized as Jack, Alice, and Mei Omi.
	“What are ye doing here?”  Martin asked as they greeted.
	“Well, you did all that you could to aid us in finding a new home, and so we wanted to return the favor.”  Jack replied.
	“Also, with the government knowing about Jack, Strum thought it best to send him away for a while.”  Alice said.  “As such I don’t think that anyone well be looking for us with you guys, after all, why would we go with the must disliked group currently in Crowthania?”
	“True, I suppose that it does make sense as a proper hiding place for thee.”  Elizabeth said.
	“I thank ye for thine support, and gladly accept it.”  Martin said as he smiled.
	“Not to be too much of a rain cloud here, but we probably should keep going.”  Mei Omi said as she looked down the caravan.  “After all it looks like there’s a bit of people here with you.”
	“Very well.  Let us be off.”  Martin said as he began to lead everyone onward again.
	“It’s unfortunate that this had to happen.”  Alice said, as she and Jack both used crutches to start moving “I liked going on that adventure with you all.  Also, why didn’t you break any bones from that fall?  I can’t understand how that happened”
	“As did I.”  Martin replied, “However it does make sense, for with us being hated by all, we are the scapegoat for everything.  And in these last few days it seemed as if the kingdom was completely united, albeit against us, yet nonetheless I have never seen it so united.  With so little against the king.  If his objective was that of unity, he has achieved it.  As for your later question, that of the fall.  I do not know the answer, yet I desire to explore and learn and find the cause so that I might be able to exploit it in the future.”
	As they marched on they continued speaking.  Not fully knowing what awaited them in the future, yet they decided they would face it together.
